Harry Potter was a highly unusual boy in many ways. 
For one thing, Harry Potter hated the summer holidays more than any other time of year. 
For another, Harry Potter really wanted to do Harry Potter's homework but was forced to do it in secret, in the dead of night. 
And he also happened to be a wizard. 
It was nearly midnight, and he was lying on his stomach in bed, the blankets drawn right over his head like a tent, a flashlight in one hand and a large leather-bound book (A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot) propped open against the pillow. 
Harry moved the tip of Harry's eagle-feather quill down the page, frowning as Harry looked for something that would help Harry write Harry's essay, “Witch Burning in the Fourteenth Century Was Completely Pointless — discuss.” The quill paused at the top of a likely-looking paragraph. 
Harry pushed Harry's round glasses up the bridge of Harry's nose, moved Harry's flashlight closer to the book, and read: Non-magic people (more commonly known as Muggles) were particularly afraid of magic in medieval times, but not very good at recognizing it. 
On the rare occasion that they did catch a real witch or wizard, burning had no effect whatsoever. 
The witch or wizard would perform a basic Flame Freezing Charm and then pretend to shriek with pain while enjoying a gentle, tickling sensation. 
Indeed, Wendelin the Weird enjoyed being burned so much that she allowed she to be caught no less than forty-seven times in various disguises. 
Harry put Harry's quill between Harry's teeth and reached underneath his pillow for his ink bottle and a roll of parchment. 
Slowly and very carefully he unscrewed the ink bottle, dipped his quill into it, and began to write, pausing every now and then to listen, because if any of the Dursleys heard the scratching of his quill on their way to the bathroom, he’d probably find he locked in the cupboard under the stairs for the rest of the summer. 
The Dursley family of number four, Privet Drive, was the reason that Harry never enjoyed Harry's summer holidays. 
Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and their son, Dudley, were Harry’s only living relatives. 
They were Muggles, and They had a very medieval attitude toward magic. 
Harry’s dead parents, who had been a witch and wizard themselves, were never mentioned under the Dursleys’ roof. 
For years, Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon had hoped that if Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon kept Harry as downtrodden as possible, Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon would be able to squash the magic out of Harry. 
To their fury, their had been unsuccessful. 
These days their lived in terror of anyone finding out that Harry had spent most of the last two years at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. 
The most they could do, however, was to lock away Harry’s spellbooks, wand, cauldron, and broomstick at the start of the summer break, and forbid Harry to talk to the neighbors. 
This separation from his spellbooks had been a real problem for Harry, because Harry's teachers at Hogwarts had given him a lot of holiday work. 
One of the essays, a particularly nasty one about shrinking potions, was for Harry’s least favorite teacher, Professor Snape, who would be delighted to have an excuse to give Harry detention for a month. 
Harry had therefore seized Harry's chance in the first week of the holidays. 
While Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley had gone out into the front garden to admire Uncle Vernon’s new company car (in very loud voices, so that the rest of the street would notice it too), Harry had crept downstairs, picked the lock on the cupboard under the stairs, grabbed some of Harry's books, and hidden some of Harry's books in Harry's bedroom. 
As long as he didn’t leave spots of ink on the sheets, the Dursleys need never know that he was studying magic by night. 
Harry was particularly keen to avoid trouble with Harry's aunt and uncle at the moment, as they were already in an especially bad mood with Harry, all because he’d received a telephone call from a fellow wizard one week into the school vacation. 
Ron Weasley, who was one of Harry’s best friends at Hogwarts, came from a whole family of wizards. 
This meant that he knew a lot of things Harry didn’t, but had never used a telephone before. 
Most unluckily it had been Uncle Vernon who had answered the call. 
“Vernon Dursley speaking.” Harry, who happened to be in the room at the time, froze as he heard Ron’s voice answer. 
“HELLO? 
“WHO IS THIS?” he roared in the direction of the mouthpiece. 
“WHO ARE YOU?” “RON — WEASLEY!” Ron bellowed back, as though he and Uncle Vernon were speaking from opposite ends of a football field. 
“I’M — A — FRIEND — OF — HARRY’S — FROM — SCHOOL — ” Uncle Vernon’s small eyes swiveled around to Harry, who was rooted to the spot. 
“THERE IS NO HARRY POTTER HERE!” he roared, now holding the receiver at arm’s length, as though frightened the receiver might explode. 
“I DONT KNOW WHAT SCHOOL YOU’RE TALKING ABOUT! 
The fight that had followed had been one of the worst ever. 
“HOW DARE YOU GIVE THIS NUMBER TO PEOPLE LIKE — PEOPLE LIKE YOU!” Uncle Vernon had roared, spraying Harry with spit. 
Ron obviously realized that he’d gotten Harry into trouble, because Harry hadn’t called again. 
Harry’s other best friend from Hogwarts, Hermione Granger, hadn’t been in touch either. 
Harry suspected that Ron had warned Hermione not to call, which was a pity, because Hermione, the cleverest witch in Harry’s year, had Muggle parents, knew perfectly well how to use a telephone, and would probably have had enough sense not to say that she went to Hogwarts. 
So Harry had had no word from any of Harry's wizarding friends for five long weeks, and this summer was turning out to be almost as bad as the last one. 
There was just one very small improvement — after swearing that he wouldn’t use her to send letters to any of his friends, he had been allowed to let his owl, Hedwig, out at night. 
Uncle Vernon had given in because of the racket Hedwig made if Hedwig was locked in Hedwig's cage all the time. 
Harry finished writing about Wendelin the Weird and paused to listen again. 
The silence in the dark house was broken only by the distant, grunting snores of his enormous cousin, Dudley. 
It must be very late, Harry thought. 
Harry eyes were itching with tiredness. 
Perhaps he’d finish this essay tomorrow night. 
He replaced the top of the ink bottle; pulled an old pillowcase from under He's bed; put the flashlight, A History of Magic, He's essay, quill, and ink inside it; got out of bed; and hid the lot under a loose floorboard under his bed. 
Then He stood up, stretched, and checked the time on the luminous alarm clock on He's bedside table. 
It was one o’clock in the morning. 
Harry’s stomach gave a funny jolt. 
Harry had been thirteen years old, without realizing it, for a whole hour. 
Yet another unusual thing about Harry was how little Harry looked forward to Harry's birthdays. 
Harry had never received a birthday card in Harry's life. 
The Dursleys had completely ignored The Dursleys's last two birthdays, and The Dursleys had no reason to suppose they would remember this one. 
Harry walked across the dark room, past Hedwig’s large, empty cage, to the open window. 
Harry leaned on the sill, the cool night air pleasant on Harry's face after a long time under the blankets. 
Hedwig had been absent for two nights now. 
Harry wasn’t worried about Hedwig: her’d been gone this long before. 
But Harry hoped she’d be back soon — she was the only living creature in this house who didn’t flinch at the sight of him. 
Harry, though still rather small and skinny for Harry's age, had grown a few inches over the last year. 
Harry jet-black hair, however, was just as it always had been — stubbornly untidy, whatever Harry did to it. 
The eyes behind Harry's glasses were bright green, and on Harry's forehead, clearly visible through Harry's hair, was a thin scar, shaped like a bolt of lightning. 
Of all the unusual things about Harry, this scar was the most extraordinary of all. 
It was not, as the Dursleys had pretended for ten years, a souvenir of the car crash that had killed Harry’s parents, because Lily and James Potter had not died in a car crash. 
They had been murdered, murdered by the most feared Dark wizard for a hundred years, Lord Voldemort. 
Harry had escaped from the same attack with nothing more than a scar on Harry's forehead, where Voldemort’s curse, instead of killing him, had rebounded upon its originator. 
Barely alive, Voldemort had fled. 
But Harry had come face-to-face with Harry at Hogwarts. 
Remembering their last meeting as he stood at the dark window, Harry had to admit Harry was lucky even to have reached Harry's thirteenth birthday. 
Harry scanned the starry sky for a sign of Hedwig, perhaps soaring back to Harry with a dead mouse dangling from her beak, expecting praise. 
Gazing absently over the rooftops, it was a few seconds before Harry realized what Harry was seeing. 
Silhouetted against the golden moon, and growing larger every moment, was a large, strangely lopsided creature, and it was flapping in Harry’s direction. 
Harry stood quite still, watching it sink lower and lower. 
For a split second Harry hesitated, Harry's hand on the window latch, wondering whether to slam it shut. 
But then the bizarre creature soared over one of the street lamps of Privet Drive, and Harry, realizing what it was, leapt aside. 
Through the window soared three owls, two of three owls holding up the third, which appeared to be unconscious. 
They landed with a soft flump on Harry’s bed, and the middle owl, which was large and gray, keeled right over and lay motionless. 
There was a large package tied to its legs. 
Harry recognized the unconscious owl at once — Harry's name was Errol, and Harry belonged to the Weasley family. 
Harry dashed to the bed, untied the cords around Errol’s legs, took off the parcel, and then carried Errol to Hedwig’s cage. 
Errol opened one bleary eye, gave a feeble hoot of thanks, and began to gulp some water. 
Harry turned back to the remaining owls. 
One of the remaining owls, the large snowy female, was Harry's own Hedwig. 
She, too, was carrying a parcel and looked extremely pleased with She. 
She gave Harry an affectionate nip with Shis beak as he removed her burden, then flew across the room to join Errol. 
Harry didn’t recognize the third owl, a handsome tawny one, but Harry knew at once where it had come from, because in addition to a third package, it was carrying a letter bearing the Hogwarts crest. 
When Harry relieved this owl of its burden, its ruffled its feathers importantly, stretched its wings, and took off through the window into the night. 
Harry sat down on Harry's bed and grabbed Errol’s package, ripped off the brown paper, and discovered a present wrapped in gold, and Harry's first ever birthday card. 
Fingers trembling slightly, he opened the envelope. 
Two pieces of paper fell out — a letter and a newspaper clipping. 
The clipping had clearly come out of the wizarding newspaper, the Daily Prophet, because the people in the black-and-white picture were moving. 
Harry picked up the clipping, smoothed the clipping out, and read: MINISTRY OF MAGIC EMPLOYEE SCOOPS GRAND PRIZE Arthur Weasley, Head of the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office at the Ministry of Magic, has won the annual Daily Prophet Grand Prize Galleon Draw. 
A delighted Arthur told the Daily Prophet, “We will be spending the gold on a summer holiday in Egypt, where our eldest son, Bill, works as a curse breaker for Gringotts Wizarding Bank. 
Harry scanned the moving photograph, and a grin spread across Harry's face as Harry saw all nine of the Weasleys waving furiously at him, standing in front of a large pyramid. 
Plump little Molly; tall, balding Arthur; six sons; and one daughter, all (though the black-and-white picture didn’t show it) with flaming-red hair. 
Right in the middle of the picture was Ron, tall and gangling, with his pet rat, Scabbers, on his shoulder and his arm around his little sister, Ginny. 
Harry couldn’t think of anyone who deserved to win a large pile of gold more than the Weasleys, who were very nice and extremely poor. 
Harry picked up Ron’s letter and unfolded it. 
Dear Harry, Happy birthday! 
Look, I’m really sorry about that telephone call. 
I hope the Muggles didn’t give you a hard time. 
I asked Dad, and Dad reckons I shouldn’t have shouted. 
It’s amazing here in Egypt. 
Bill’s taken us around all the tombs and you wouldn’t believe the curses those old Egyptian wizards put on them. 
Mum wouldn’t let Ginny come in the last one. 
There were all these mutant skeletons in there, of Muggles who’d broken in and grown extra heads and stuff. 
I couldn’t believe it when Dad won the Daily Prophet Draw. 
Seven hundred galleons! 
Most of it’s gone on this trip, but they’re going to buy me a new wand for next year. 
Harry remembered only too well the occasion when Ron’s old wand had snapped. 
It had happened when the car the two of them had been flying to Hogwarts had crashed into a tree on the school grounds. 
We’ll be back about a week before term starts and We’ll be going up to London to get my wand and our new books. 
Any chance of meeting you there? 
Don’t let the Muggles get you down! 
Try and come to London, Ron PS. 
Percy’s Head Boy. 
He got the letter last week. 
Harry glanced back at the photograph. 
Percy, who was in his seventh and final year at Hogwarts, was looking particularly smug. 
He had pinned He's Head Boy badge to the fez perched jauntily on top of He's neat hair, He's horn-rimmed glasses flashing in the Egyptian sun. 
Harry now turned to Harry's present and unwrapped it. 
Inside was what looked like a miniature glass spinning top. 
There was another note from Ron beneath it. 
Harry — this is a Pocket Sneakoscope. 
If there’s someone untrustworthy around, it’s supposed to light up and spin. 
Bill says it’s rubbish sold for wizard tourists and isn’t reliable, because it kept lighting up at dinner last night. 
But Bill didn’t realize Fred and George had put beetles in Bill's soup. 
Bye — Ron Harry put the Pocket Sneakoscope on Bye — Ron Harry's bedside table, where it stood quite still, balanced on its point, reflecting the luminous hands of his clock. 
his looked at it happily for a few seconds, then picked up the parcel Hedwig had brought. 
Inside this, too, there was a wrapped present, a card, and a letter, this time from Hermione. 
Dear Harry, Ron wrote to me and told me about his phone call to your Uncle Vernon. 
I do hope you’re all right. 
I’m on holiday in France at the moment and I didn’t know how I was going to send this to you — what if they’d opened it at customs? 
— but then Hedwig turned up! 
I think she wanted to make sure you got something for your birthday for a change. 
I bought your present by owl-order; there was an advertisement in the Daily Prophet (I’ve been getting it delivered; it’s so good to keep up with what’s going on in the wizarding world). 
Did you see that picture of Ron and his family a week ago? 
I bet he’s learning loads. 
I’m really jealous — the ancient Egyptian wizards were fascinating. 
There’s some interesting local history of witchcraft here, too. 
I’ve rewritten my whole History of Magic essay to include some of the things I’ve found out. 
I hope it’s not too long — it’s two rolls of parchment more than Professor Binns asked for. 
Ron says he’s going to be in London in the last week of the holidays. 
Can you make it? 
Will your aunt and uncle let you come? 
I really hope you can. 
If not, I’ll see you on the Hogwarts Express on September first! 
Love from Hermione PS. 
Ron says Percy’s Head Boy. 
I’ll bet Percy’s really pleased. 
Ron doesn’t seem too happy about it. 
Harry laughed as Harry put Hermione ’s letter aside and picked up her present. 
It was very heavy. 
Knowing Hermione, he was sure it would be a large book full of very difficult spells — but it wasn’t. 
His heart gave a huge bound as His ripped back the paper and saw a sleek black leather case, with silver words stamped across it, reading Broomstick Servicing Kit. 
“Wow, Hermione!” Harry whispered, unzipping the case to look inside. 
There was a large jar of Fleetwood’s High-Finish Handle Polish, a pair of gleaming silver Tail-Twig Clippers, a tiny brass compass to clip on your broom for long journeys, and a Handbook of Do-It-Yourself Broomcare. 
Apart from his friends, the thing that Harry missed most about Hogwarts was Quidditch, the most popular sport in the magical world — highly dangerous, very exciting, and played on broomsticks. 
Harry happened to be a very good Quidditch player; Harry had been the youngest person in a century to be picked for one of the Hogwarts House teams. 
One of Harry’s most prized possessions was his Nimbus Two Thousand racing broom. 
Harry put the leather case aside and picked up Harry's last parcel. 
Harry recognized the untidy scrawl on the brown paper at once: this was from Hagrid, the Hogwarts gamekeeper. 
Harry tore off the top layer of paper and glimpsed something green and leathery, but before Harry could unwrap it properly, the parcel gave a strange quiver, and whatever was inside the parcel snapped loudly — as though the parcel had jaws. 
Harry froze. 
Harry knew that Hagrid would never send Harry anything dangerous on purpose, but then, Hagrid didn’t have a normal person’s view of what was dangerous. 
Hagrid had been known to befriend giant spiders, buy vicious, three-headed dogs from men in pubs, and sneak illegal dragon eggs into his cabin. 
Harry poked the parcel nervously. 
It snapped loudly again. 
Harry reached for the lamp on Harry's bedside table, gripped it firmly in one hand, and raised it over Harry's head, ready to strike. 
Then Harry seized the rest of the wrapping paper in Harry's other hand and pulled. 
And out fell — a book. 
Harry just had time to register its handsome green cover, emblazoned with the golden title The Monster Book of Monsters, before it flipped onto it edge and scuttled sideways along the bed like some weird crab. 
“Uh-oh,” Harry muttered. 
The book toppled off the bed with a loud clunk and shuffled rapidly across the room. 
Harry followed it stealthily. 
The book was hiding in the dark space under his desk. 
Praying that the Dursleys were still fast asleep, Harry got down on Harry's hands and knees and reached toward it. 
“Ouch!” The book snapped shut on his hand and then flapped past his, still scuttling on its covers. 
Harry scrambled around, threw Harry forward, and managed to flatten it. 
Uncle Vernon gave a loud, sleepy grunt in the room next door. 
Hedwig and Errol watched interestedly as Harry clamped the struggling book tightly in Harry's arms, hurried to Harry's chest of drawers, and pulled out a belt, which he buckled tightly around it. 
The Monster Book shuddered angrily, but could no longer flap and snap, so Harry threw The Monster Book down on the bed and reached for Hagrid’s card. 
Dear Harry, Happy birthday! 
Think you might find this useful for next year. 
Won’t say no more here. 
Tell you when I see you. 
Hope the Muggles are treating you right. 
All the best, Hagrid It struck Harry as ominous that Hagrid thought a biting book would come in useful, but he put Hagrid’s card up next to Ron’s and Hermione’s, grinning more broadly than ever. 
Now there was only the letter from Hogwarts left. 
Noticing that it was rather thicker than usual, Harry slit open the envelope, pulled out the first page of parchment within, and read: Dear Potter, Please note that the new school year will begin on September the first. 
The Hogwarts Express will leave from King’s Cross station, platform nine and three- quarters, at eleven o’clock. 
Third years are permitted to visit the village of Hogsmeade on certain weekends. 
Please give the enclosed permission form to your parent or guardian to sign. 
A list of books for next year is enclosed. 
Yours sincerely, Professor M. McGonagall Deputy Headmistress Harry pulled out the Hogsmeade permission form and looked at the Hogsmeade permission form, no longer grinning. 
It would be wonderful to visit Hogsmeade on weekends; Professor M. McGonagall Deputy Headmistress Harry knew it was an entirely wizarding village, and Professor M. McGonagall Deputy Headmistress Harry had never set foot there. 
But how on earth was Professor M. McGonagall Deputy Headmistress Harry going to persuade Uncle Vernon or Aunt Petunia to sign the form? 
He looked over at the alarm clock. 
It was now two o’clock in the morning. 
Deciding that he’d worry about the Hogsmeade form when he woke up, Harry got back into bed and reached up to cross off another day on the chart Harry’d made for Harry, counting down the days left until Harry's return to Hogwarts. 
Then Harry took off Harry's glasses and lay down, eyes open, facing Harry's three birthday cards. 
Extremely unusual though he was, at that moment Harry Potter felt just like everyone else — glad, for the first time in his life, that it was his birthday. 
Harry went down to breakfast the next morning to find the three Dursleys already sitting around the kitchen table. 
They were watching a brand-new television, a welcome-home-for-the-summer present for Dudley, who had been complaining loudly about the long walk between the fridge and the television in the living room. 
Dudley had spent most of the summer in the kitchen, his piggy little eyes fixed on the screen and his five chins wobbling as his ate continually. 
Harry sat down between Dudley and Uncle Vernon, a large, beefy man with very little neck and a lot of mustache. 
Far from wishing Harry a happy birthday, none of the Dursleys made any sign that they had noticed Harry enter the room, but Harry was far too used to this to care. 
Harry helped Harry to a piece of toast and then looked up at the reporter on the television, who was halfway through a report on an escaped convict: " The public is warned that Black is armed and extremely dangerous. 
A special hot line has been set up, and any sighting of Black should be reported immediately.” “No need to tell us he’s no good,” snorted Uncle Vernon, staring over the top of Uncle Vernon's newspaper at the prisoner. 
“Look at the state of him, the filthy layabout! 
Compared to the man on the television, however, whose gaunt face was surrounded by a matted, elbow-length tangle, Harry felt very well groomed indeed. 
The reporter had reappeared. 
“The Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries will announce today — ” “Hang on!” barked Uncle Vernon, staring furiously at The reporter. 
“You didn’t tell us where that maniac’s escaped from! 
Harry knew Aunt Petunia would simply love to be the one to call the hot line number. 
Aunt Petunia was the nosiest woman in the world and spent most of Aunt Petunia's life spying on the boring, law-abiding neighbors. 
“When will they learn,” said Uncle Vernon, pounding the table with Uncle Vernon's large purple fist, “that hanging’s the only way to deal with these people?” “Very true,” said Aunt Petunia, who was still squinting into next door’s runner beans. 
Uncle Vernon drained Uncle Vernon's teacup, glanced at Uncle Vernon's watch, and added, “I’d better be off in a minute, Petunia. 
“Aunt Marge?” Aunt Marge? 
“Sh — she’s not coming here, is she?” Aunt Marge was Uncle Vernon’s sister. 
Even though she was not a blood relative of Harry’s (whose mother had been Aunt Petunia’s sister), he had been forced to call her “Aunt” all his life. 
Aunt Marge lived in the country, in a house with a large garden, where Aunt Marge bred bulldogs. 
Aunt Marge didn’t often stay at Privet Drive, because Aunt Marge couldn’t bear to leave Aunt Marge's precious dogs, but each of Aunt Marge's visits stood out horribly vividly in Harry’s mind. 
At Dudley’s fifth birthday party, Aunt Marge had whacked Harry around the shins with Aunt Marge's walking stick to stop Harry from beating Dudley at musical statues. 
A few years later, she had turned up at Christmas with a computerized robot for Dudley and a box of dog biscuits for Harry. 
On her last visit, the year before Harry started at Hogwarts, Harry had accidentally trodden on the tail of shis favorite dog. 
Ripper had chased Harry out into the garden and up a tree, and Aunt Marge had refused to call Harry off until past midnight. 
The memory of this incident still brought tears of laughter to Dudley’s eyes. 
“Marge’ll be here for a week,” Uncle Vernon snarled, “and while we’re on the subject” — he pointed a fat finger threateningly at Harry — “we need to get a few things straight before I go and collect her.” Dudley smirked and withdrew his gaze from the television. 
Watching Harry being bullied by Uncle Vernon was Dudley’s favorite form of entertainment. 
“Firstly,” growled Uncle Vernon, “you’ll keep a civil tongue in your head when you’re talking to Marge.” “All right,” said Harry bitterly, “if she does when she’s talking to me.” “Secondly,” said Uncle Vernon, acting as though he had not heard Harry’s reply, “as Marge doesn’t know anything about your abnormality, I don’t want any — any funny stuff while she’s here. 
“And thirdly,” said Uncle Vernon, his mean little eyes now slits in his great purple face, “we’ve told Marge you attend St. Brutus’s Secure Center for Incurably Criminal Boys.” “What?” Harry yelled. 
“And you’ll be sticking to that story, boy, or there’ll be trouble,” spat Uncle Vernon. 
Harry sat there, white-faced and furious, staring at Uncle Vernon, hardly able to believe it. 
Aunt Marge coming for a week-long visit — it was the worst birthday present the Dursleys had ever given him, including that pair of Uncle Vernon’s old socks. 
“Well, Petunia,” said Uncle Vernon, getting heavily to Uncle Vernon's feet, “111 be off to the station, then. 
“Duddy’s got to make Duddy’s smart for Duddy’s's auntie,” said Aunt Petunia, smoothing Dudley’s thick blond hair. 
“Mummy’s bought him a lovely new bow tie.” Uncle Vernon clapped Dudley on his porky shoulder. 
“See you in a bit, then,” he said, and he left the kitchen. 
Harry, who had been sitting in a kind of horrified trance, had a sudden idea. 
Abandoning his toast, his got quickly to his feet and followed Uncle Vernon to the front door. 
Uncle Vernon was pulling on Uncle Vernon's car coat. 
“I’m not taking you,” he snarled as he turned to see Harry watching he. 
“Like I wanted to come,” said Harry coldly. 
“I want to ask you something.” Uncle Vernon eyed him suspiciously. 
“Third years at Hog — at my school are allowed to visit the village sometimes,” said Harry. 
“So?” snapped Uncle Vernon, taking Uncle Vernon's car keys from a hook next to the door. 
“I need you to sign the permission form,” said Harry in a rush. 
“And why should I do that?” sneered Uncle Vernon. 
“Well,” said Harry, choosing Harry's words carefully, “it’ll be hard work, pretending to Aunt Marge I go to that St. Whatsits — ” “St. 
“Exactly,” said Harry, looking calmly up into Uncle Vernon’s large, purple face. 
“It’s a lot to remember. 
But Harry stood Harry's ground. 
“Knocking the stuffing out of me won’t make Aunt Marge forget what I could tell Aunt Marge,” Aunt Marge said grimly. 
Uncle Vernon stopped, his fist still raised, his face an ugly puce. 
“But if you sign my permission form,” Harry went on quickly, “I swear I’ll remember where I’m supposed to go to school, and I’ll act like a Mug — like I’m normal and everything.” Harry could tell that Uncle Vernon was thinking it over, even if Uncle Vernon's teeth were bared and a vein was throbbing in Uncle Vernon's temple. 
“Right,” he snapped finally. 
“I shall monitor your behavior carefully during Marge’s visit. 
Harry didn’t return to the kitchen. 
Harry went back upstairs to Harry's bedroom. 
If he was going to act like a real Muggle, he’d better start now. 
Slowly and sadly he gathered up all his presents and his birthday cards and hid them under the loose floorboard with his homework. 
Then he went to Hedwig’s cage. 
Errol seemed to have recovered; Errol and Hedwig were both asleep, heads under he and Hedwig's wings. 
Harry sighed, then poked them both awake. 
“Hedwig,” he said gloomily, “you’re going to have to clear off for a week. 
Harry, now feeling thoroughly miserable, put the empty cage away inside the wardrobe. 
But Harry didn’t have long to brood. 
In next to no time, Aunt Petunia was shrieking up the stairs for Harry to come down and get ready to welcome their guest. 
“Do something about your hair!” Aunt Petunia snapped as he reached the hall. 
Harry couldn’t see the point of trying to make Harry's hair lie flat. 
Aunt Marge loved criticizing Aunt Marge, so the untidier Aunt Marge looked, the happier she would be. 
All too soon, there was a crunch of gravel outside as Uncle Vernon’s car pulled back into the driveway, then the clunk of the car doors and footsteps on the garden path. 
“Get the door!” Aunt Petunia hissed at Harry. 
A feeling of great gloom in his stomach, Harry pulled the door open. 
On the threshold stood Aunt Marge. 
She was very like Uncle Vernon: large, beefy, and purple-faced, She even had a mustache, though not as bushy as his. 
In one hand She held an enormous suitcase, and tucked under the other was an old and evil-tempered bulldog. 
“Where’s my Dudders?” roared Aunt Marge. 
“Where’s my neffy-poo?” Dudley came waddling down the hall, his blond hair plastered flat to his fat head, a bow tie just visible under his many chins. 
Aunt Marge thrust the suitcase into Harry’s stomach, knocking the wind out of Harry, seized Dudley in a tight one-armed hug, and planted a large kiss on Harry's cheek. 
Harry knew perfectly well that Dudley only put up with Aunt Marge’s hugs because Harry was well paid for it, and sure enough, when they broke apart, Dudley had a crisp twenty-pound note clutched in his fat fist. 
“Petunia!” shouted Aunt Marge, striding past Harry as though he was a hat stand. 
Aunt Marge and Aunt Petunia kissed, or rather, Aunt Marge bumped Aunt Marge's large jaw against Aunt Petunia’s bony cheekbone. 
Uncle Vernon now came in, smiling jovially as Uncle Vernon shut the door. 
“Tea, Marge?” he said. 
“And what will Ripper take?” Ripper can have some tea out of my saucer,” said Aunt Marge as they all proceeded into the kitchen, leaving Harry alone in the hall with the suitcase. 
But Harry wasn’t complaining; any excuse not to be with Aunt Marge was fine by Harry, so Harry began to heave the case upstairs into the spare bedroom, taking as long as Harry could. 
By the time he got back to the kitchen, Aunt Marge had been supplied with tea and fruitcake, and Ripper was lapping noisily in the corner. 
Harry saw Aunt Petunia wince slightly as specks of tea and drool flecked her clean floor. 
Aunt Petunia hated animals. 
“Who’s looking after the other dogs, Marge?” Uncle Vernon asked. 
“Oh, I’ve got Colonel Fubster managing them,” boomed Aunt Marge. 
“He’s retired now, good for He to have something to do. 
This directed Aunt Marge’s attention to Harry for the first time. 
“So!” she barked. 
“Still here, are you?” “Yes,” said Harry. 
“Don’t you say ‘yes’ in that ungrateful tone,” Aunt Marge growled. 
“It’s damn good of Vernon and Petunia to keep you. 
He forced He's face into a painful smile. 
“Don’t you smirk at me!” boomed Aunt Marge. 
“I can see you haven’t improved since I last saw you. 
“It’s a first-rate institution for hopeless cases.” “I see,” said Aunt Marge. 
“Do they use the cane at St. Brutus’s, boy?” she barked across the table. 
“Er — ” Uncle Vernon nodded curtly behind Aunt Marge’s back. 
“Yes,” said Harry. 
Then, feeling he might as well do the thing properly, he added, “all the time.” “Excellent,” said Aunt Marge. 
“I won’t have this namby-pamby, wishy-washy nonsense about not hitting people who deserve it. 
“I still don’t like your tone, boy,” she said. 
“If you can speak of your beatings in that casual way, they clearly aren’t hitting you hard enough. 
“Heard the news this morning, Marge? 
Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia usually encouraged Harry to stay out of their way, which Harry was only too happy to do. 
Aunt Marge, on the other hand, wanted Harry under Aunt Marge's eye at all times, so that Aunt Marge could boom out suggestions for Harry's improvement. 
Aunt Marge delighted in comparing Harry with Dudley, and took huge pleasure in buying Dudley expensive presents while glaring at Harry, as though daring Harry to ask why Harry hadn’t got a present too. 
Aunt Marge also kept throwing out dark hints about what made Harry such an unsatisfactory person. 
“You mustn’t blame yourself for the way the boy’s turned out, Vernon,” she said over lunch on the third day. 
“If there’s something rotten on the inside, there’s nothing anyone can do about it.” Harry tried to concentrate on Harry's food, but Harry's hands shook and Harry's face was starting to burn with anger. 
Remember the form, he told he. 
Think about Hogsmeade. 
Don’t say anything. 
Don’t rise — Aunt Marge reached for rise — Aunt Marge's glass of wine. 
“It’s one of the basic rules of breeding,” she said. 
“You see it all the time with dogs. 
Shards of glass flew in every direction and Aunt Marge sputtered and blinked, Aunt Marge's great ruddy face dripping. 
“Marge!” squealed Aunt Petunia. 
“Marge, are you all right?” “Not to worry,” grunted Aunt Marge, mopping Aunt Marge's face with Aunt Marge's napkin. 
“Must have squeezed it too hard. 
Outside in the hall, he leaned against the wall, breathing deeply. 
It had been a long time since he’d lost control and made something explode. 
he couldn’t afford to let it happen again. 
The Hogsmeade form wasn’t the only thing at stake — if he carried on like that, he’d be in trouble with the Ministry of Magic. 
Harry was still an underage wizard, and Harry was forbidden by wizard law to do magic outside school. 
Harry record wasn’t exactly clean either. 
Only last summer he’d gotten an official warning that had stated quite clearly that if the Ministry got wind of any more magic in Privet Drive, Harry would face expulsion from Hogwarts. 
Harry heard the Dursleys leaving the table and hurried upstairs out of the way. 
Harry got through the next three days by forcing Harry to think about Harry's Handbook of Do-It-Yourself Broomcare whenever Aunt Marge started on him. 
This worked quite well, though it seemed to give Harry a glazed look, because Aunt Marge started voicing the opinion that he was mentally subnormal. 
At last, at long last, the final evening of Marge’s stay arrived. 
Aunt Petunia cooked a fancy dinner and Uncle Vernon uncorked several bottles of wine. 
They got all the way through the soup and the salmon without a single mention of Harry’s faults; during the lemon meringue pie, Uncle Vernon bored them all with a long talk about Grunnings, his drill-making company; then Aunt Petunia made coffee and Uncle Vernon brought out a bottle of brandy. 
“Can I tempt you, Marge?” Aunt Marge had already had quite a lot of wine. 
Aunt Marge huge face was very red. 
“Just a small one, then,” she chuckled. 
“A bit more than that and a bit more that’s the ticket.” Dudley was eating his fourth slice of pie. 
Aunt Petunia was sipping coffee with Aunt Petunia's little finger sticking out. 
Harry really wanted to disappear into Harry's bedroom, but Harry met Uncle Vernon’s angry little eyes and knew Harry would have to sit it out. 
“Aah,” said Aunt Marge, smacking Aunt Marge's lips and putting the empty brandy glass back down. 
“Excellent nosh, Petunia. 
“Pardon me. 
“You’ll be a proper- sized man, Dudders, like your father. 
The Handbook, he thought quickly. 
“This one’s got a mean, runty look about he. 
“It all comes down to blood, as I was saying the other day. 
Grasp your broom firmly by the tail, he thought. 
But he couldn’t remember what came next. 
Aunt Marge’s voice seemed to be boring into he like one of Uncle Vernon’s drills. 
“This Potter,” said Aunt Marge loudly, seizing the brandy bottle and splashing more into Aunt Marge's glass and over the tablecloth, “you never told me what he did?” Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia were looking extremely tense. 
Dudley had even looked up from his pie to gape at his parents. 
“his — didn’t work,” said Uncle Vernon, with half a glance at Harry. 
“Unemployed.” “As I expected!” said Aunt Marge, taking a huge swig of brandy and wiping Aunt Marge's chin on Aunt Marge's sleeve. 
“A no- account, good-for-nothing, lazy scrounger who — ” “He was not,” said Harry suddenly. 
The table went very quiet. 
Harry was shaking all over. 
Harry had never felt so angry in Harry's life. 
“MORE BRANDY!” yelled Uncle Vernon, who had gone very white. 
He emptied the bottle into Aunt Marge’s glass. 
“You, boy,” he snarled at Harry. 
“Go to bed, go on — ” “No, Vernon,” hiccuped Aunt Marge, holding up a hand, her tiny bloodshot eyes fixed on Harry’s. 
“Go on, boy, go on. 
“They died in a car crash, you nasty little liar, and left you to be a burden on They's decent, hardworking relatives!” screamed Aunt Marge, swelling with fury. 
“You are an insolent, ungrateful little — ” But Aunt Marge suddenly stopped speaking. 
For a moment, it looked as though words had failed her. 
her seemed to be swelling with inexpressible anger — but the swelling didn’t stop. 
her great red face started to expand, her tiny eyes bulged, and her mouth stretched too tightly for speech — next second, several buttons had just burst from her tweed jacket and pinged off the walls — her was inflating like a monstrous balloon, her stomach bursting free of her tweed waistband, each of her fingers blowing up like a salami — “MARGE!” yelled Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia together as Aunt Marge’s whole body began to rise off Her's chair toward the ceiling. 
Her was entirely round, now, like a vast life buoy with piggy eyes, and Her's hands and feet stuck out weirdly as Her drifted up into the air, making apoplectic popping noises. 
Ripper came skidding into the room, barking madly. 
“NOOOOOOO!” Uncle Vernon seized one of Marge’s feet and tried to pull Marge's down again, but was almost lifted from the floor himself. 
A second later, Ripper leapt forward and sank his teeth into Uncle Vernon’s leg. 
Harry tore from the dining room before anyone could stop Harry, heading for the cupboard under the stairs. 
The cupboard door burst magically open as Harry reached The cupboard door. 
In seconds, he had heaved his trunk to the front door. 
he sprinted upstairs and threw he under the bed, wrenching up the loose floorboard, and grabbed the pillowcase full of his books and birthday presents. 
he wriggled out, seized Hedwig’s empty cage, and dashed back downstairs to his trunk, just as Uncle Vernon burst out of the dining room, Uncle Vernon's trouser leg in bloody tatters. 
“COME BACK IN HERE!” he bellowed. 
“COME BACK AND PUT HER RIGHT!” But a reckless rage had come over Harry. 
He kicked He's trunk open, pulled out He's wand, and pointed it at Uncle Vernon. 
“She deserved it,” Harry said, breathing very fast. 
“She deserved what She got. 
“I’m going,” Harry said. 
“I’ve had enough.” And in the next moment, Harry was out in the dark, quiet street, heaving Harry's heavy trunk behind Harry, Hedwig’s cage under Harry's arm. 
Harry was several streets away before Harry collapsed onto a low wall in Magnolia Crescent, panting from the effort of dragging Harry's trunk. 
Harry sat quite still, anger still surging through Harry, listening to the frantic thumping of Harry's heart. 
But after ten minutes alone in the dark street, a new emotion overtook Harry: panic. 
Whichever way he looked at it, he had never been in a worse fix. 
he was stranded, quite alone, in the dark Muggle world, with absolutely nowhere to go. 
And the worst of it was, he had just done serious magic, which meant that he was almost certainly expelled from Hogwarts. 
he had broken the Decree for the Restriction of Underage Wizardry so badly, he was surprised Ministry of Magic representatives weren’t swooping down on he where he sat. 
Harry shivered and looked up and down Magnolia Crescent. 
What was going to happen to Harry? 
Would Harry be arrested, or would Harry simply be outlawed from the wizarding world? 
Would Harry thought of Ron and Hermione, and his heart sank even lower. 
Harry was sure that, criminal or not, Ron and Hermione would want to help Harry now, but they were both abroad, and with Hedwig gone, Harry had no means of contacting them. 
Harry didn’t have any Muggle money, either. 
There was a little wizard gold in the money bag at the bottom of Harry's trunk, but the rest of the fortune Harry's parents had left Harry was stored in a vault at Gringotts Wizarding Bank in London. 
He’d never be able to drag his trunk all the way to London. 
Unless He looked down at He's wand, which He was still clutching in He's hand. 
If He was already expelled (He heart was now thumping painfully fast), a bit more magic couldn’t hurt. 
He had the Invisibility Cloak He had inherited from He's father — what if ] father bewitched the trunk to make it feather-light, tied it to ] father's broomstick, covered ] father in the cloak, and flew to London? 
Then he could get the rest of his money out of his vault and begin his life as an outcast. 
It was a horrible prospect, but he couldn’t sit on this wall forever, or he’d find he trying to explain to Muggle police why he was out in the dead of night with a trunkful of spellbooks and a broomstick. 
Harry opened Harry's trunk again and pushed the contents aside, looking for the Invisibility Cloak — but before Harry had found it, Harry straightened up suddenly, looking around Harry once more. 
A funny prickling on the back of Harry's neck had made Harry feel Harry was being watched, but the street appeared to be deserted, and no lights shone from any of the large square houses. 
Harry bent over Harry's trunk again, but almost immediately stood up once more, Harry's hand clenched on Harry's wand. 
Harry had sensed rather than heard it: someone or something was standing in the narrow gap between the garage and the fence behind Harry. 
Harry squinted at the black alleyway. 
If only it would move, then Harry’d know whether it was just a stray cat or — something else. 
“Lumos,” Harry muttered, and a light appeared at the end of Harry's wand, almost dazzling Harry. 
Harry held it high over Harry's head, and the pebble-dashed walls of number two suddenly sparkled; the garage door gleamed, and between them Harry saw, quite distinctly, the hulking outline of something very big, with wide, gleaming eyes. 
Harry stepped backward. 
Harry legs hit Harry's trunk and Harry tripped. 
His wand flew out of His's hand as His flung out an arm to break His's fall, and His landed, hard, in the gutter — There was a deafening BANG, and Harry threw up Harry's hands to shield Harry's eyes against a sudden blinding light — With a yell, His rolled back onto the pavement, just in time. 
A second later, a gigantic pair of wheels and headlights screeched to a halt exactly where Harry had just been lying. 
They belonged, as Harry saw when Harry raised Harry's head, to a triple-decker, violently purple bus, which had appeared out of thin air. 
Gold lettering over the windshield spelled The Knight Bus. 
For a split second, Harry wondered if Harry had been knocked silly by Harry's fall. 
Then a conductor in a purple uniform leapt out of the bus and began to speak loudly to the night. 
“Welcome to the Knight Bus, emergency transport for the stranded witch or wizard. 
He had just caught sight of Harry, who was still sitting on the ground. 
Harry snatched up Harry's wand again and scrambled to Harry's feet. 
Close up, Harry saw that Stan Shunpike was only a few years older than Harry was, eighteen or nineteen at most, with large, protruding ears and quite a few pimples. 
“What were you doin’ down there?” said Stan, dropping Stan's professional manner. 
“Fell over,” said Harry. 
“ ’Choo fall over for?” sniggered Stan. 
“I didn’t do it on purpose,” said Harry, annoyed. 
One of the knees in Harry's jeans was torn, and the hand Harry had thrown out to break Harry's fall was bleeding. 
Harry suddenly remembered why Harry had fallen over and turned around quickly to stare at the alleyway between the garage and fence. 
The Knight Bus’s headlamps were flooding it with light, and it was empty. 
“ ’Choo lookin’ at?” said Stan. 
“There was a big black thing,” said Harry, pointing uncertainly into the gap. 
“Like a dog but massive He looked around at Stan, whose mouth was slightly open. 
“Nothing,” said Harry quickly, flattening Harry's hair over Harry's scar. 
If the Ministry of Magic was looking for him, him didn’t want to make it too easy for them. 
“Woss your name?” Stan persisted. 
“Neville Longbottom,” said Harry, saying the first name that came into Harry's head. 
“So — so this bus,” he went on quickly, hoping to distract Stan, “did you say it goes anywhere?” “Yep,” said Stan proudly, “anywhere you like, long’s it’s on land. 
“Listen, how much would it be to get to London?” “Eleven Sickles,” said Stan, “but for firteen you get ’ot chocolate, and for fifteen you get an ’ot water bottle an’ a toofbrush in the color of your choice.” Harry rummaged once more in Harry's trunk, extracted Harry's money bag, and shoved some gold into Stan’s hand. 
He and Stan then lifted his trunk, with Hedwig’s cage balanced on top, up the steps of the bus. 
There were no seats; instead, half a dozen brass bedsteads stood beside the curtained windows. 
Candles were burning in brackets beside each bed, illuminating the wood-paneled walls. 
A tiny wizard in a nightcap at the rear of the bus muttered, “Not now, thanks, I’m pickling some slugs” and rolled over in his sleep. 
“You ’ave this one,” Stan whispered, shoving Harry’s trunk under the bed right behind the driver, who was sitting in an armchair in front of the steering wheel. 
“This is our driver, Ernie Prang. 
“Take ’er away, Ern,” said Stan, sitting down in the armchair next to Ernie’s. 
There was another tremendous BANG, and the next moment Harry found Harry flat on Harry's bed, thrown backward by the speed of the Knight Bus. 
Pulling himself up, Harry stared out of the dark window and saw that they were now bowling along a completely different street. 
Stan was watching Harry’s stunned face with great enjoyment. 
“This is where we was before you flagged we down,” he said. 
“Where are we, Ern? 
“How come the Muggles don’t hear the bus?” said Harry. 
“Them!” said Stan contemptuously. 
“Don’ listen properly, do they? 
“Well be in Abergavenny in a minute.” Stan passed Harry’s bed and disappeared up a narrow wooden staircase. 
Harry was still looking out of the window, feeling increasingly nervous. 
Ernie didn’t seem to have mastered the use of a steering wheel. 
The Knight Bus kept mounting the pavement, but The Knight Bus didn’t hit anything; lines of lampposts, mailboxes, and trash cans jumped out of The Knight Bus way as it approached and back into position once it had passed. 
Stan came back downstairs, followed by a faintly green witch wrapped in a traveling cloak. 
“ ’Ere you go, Madam Marsh,” said Stan happily as Ern stamped on the brake and the beds slid a foot or so toward the front of the bus. 
Madam Marsh clamped a handkerchief to Madam Marsh's mouth and tottered down the steps. 
Stan threw Madam Marsh's bag out after Madam Marsh's and rammed the doors shut; there was another loud BANG, and they were thundering down a narrow country lane, trees leaping out of the way. 
Harry wouldn’t have been able to sleep even if Harry had been traveling on a bus that didn’t keep banging loudly and jumping a hundred miles at a time. 
Harry stomach churned as Harry fell back to wondering what was going to happen to Harry, and whether the Dursleys had managed to get Aunt Marge off the ceiling yet. 
Stan had unfurled a copy of the Daily Prophet and was now reading with Stan's tongue between Stan's teeth. 
A large photograph of a sunken-faced man with long, matted hair blinked slowly at Harry from the front page. 
He looked strangely familiar. 
“That man!” Harry said, forgetting Harry's troubles for a moment. 
“He was on the Muggle news!” Stanley turned to the front page and chuckled. 
“Sirius Black,” he said, nodding. 
“ ’Course ’e was on the Muggle news, Neville, where you been?” He gave a superior sort of chuckle at the blank look on Harry’s face, removed the front page, and handed the front page to Harry. 
“You oughta read the papers more, Neville.” Harry held the paper up to the candlelight and read: BLACK STILL AT LARGE Sirius Black, possibly the most infamous prisoner ever to be held in Azkaban fortress, is still eluding capture, the Ministry of Magic confirmed today. 
“We are doing all we can to recapture Black,” said the Minister of Magic, Cornelius Fudge, this morning, “and We beg the magical community to remain calm.” Fudge has been criticized by some members of the International Federation of Warlocks for informing the Muggle Prime Minister of the crisis. 
“Well, really, I had to, don’t you know,” said an irritable Fudge. 
“Black is mad. 
Harry looked into the shadowed eyes of Sirius Black, the only part of the sunken face that seemed alive. 
Harry had never met a vampire, but Harry had seen pictures of them in Harry's Defense Against the Dark Arts classes, and Black, with his waxy white skin, looked just like one. 
“Scary-lookin’ fing, inee?” said Stan, who had been watching Harry read. 
“Harry murdered thirteen people?” said Harry, handing the page back to Stan, “with one curse?” “Yep,” said Stan, “in front of witnesses an’ all. 
Stan swiveled in his armchair, his hands on the back, the better to look at Harry. 
“Black woz a big supporter of You-Know-’Oo,” he said. 
“What, Voldemort?” said Harry, without thinking. 
Even Stan’s pimples went white; Ern jerked the steering wheel so hard that a whole farmhouse had to jump aside to avoid the bus. 
“You outta your tree?” yelped Stan. 
“ ’Choo say ’is name for?” “Sorry,” said Harry hastily. 
“Sorry, I — I forgot — ” “Forgot!” said Stan weakly. 
“Blimey, my ’eart’s goin’ that fast” “So — so Black was a supporter of Voldemort?” Harry prompted apologetically. 
“Yeah,” said Stan, still rubbing Stan's chest. 
“Yeah, that’s right. 
“ — all You-Know-’Oo’s supporters was tracked down, wasn’t they, Ern? 
“What?” said Harry. 
“Laughed,” said Stan. 
“Jus’ stood there an’ laughed. 
“I’d blow meself up before I set foot in that place. 
“ ’Ole street blown up an’ all them Muggles dead. 
“An’ now ’e’s out,” said Stan, examining the newspaper picture of Black’s gaunt face again. 
“Never been a breakout from Azkaban before, ’as there, Ern? 
“Talk about summat else, Stan, there’s a good lad. 
He couldn’t help imagining what Stan might be telling He's passengers in a few nights’ time. 
“ ’Ear about that ’Arry Potter? 
Was inflating Aunt Marge bad enough to land Aunt Marge in Azkaban? 
Harry didn’t know anything about the wizard prison, though everyone he’d ever heard speak of it did so in the same fearful tone. 
Hagrid, the Hogwarts gamekeeper, had spent two months there only last year. 
Harry wouldn’t soon forget the look of terror on Hagrid ’s face when Harry had been told where Harry was going, and Hagrid was one of the bravest people Harry knew. 
The Knight Bus rolled through the darkness, scattering bushes and wastebaskets, telephone booths and trees, and Harry lay, restless and miserable, on Harry's feather bed. 
After a while, Stan remembered that Harry had paid for hot chocolate, but poured it all over Harry’s pillow when the bus moved abruptly from Anglesey to Aberdeen. 
One by one, wizards and witches in dressing gowns and slippers descended from the upper floors to leave the bus. 
They all looked very pleased to go. 
Finally, Harry was the only passenger left. 
“Right then, Neville,” said Stan, clapping his hands, “whereabouts in London?” “Diagon Alley,” said Harry. 
“Righto,” said Stan. 
“ ’Old tight, then ” BANG! 
They were thundering along Charing Cross Road. 
Harry sat up and watched buildings and benches squeezing themselves out of the Knight Bus’s way. 
The sky was getting a little lighter. 
He would lie low for a couple of hours, go to Gringotts the moment it opened, then set off — where, He didn’t know. 
Ern slammed on the brakes and the Knight Bus skidded to a halt in front of a small and shabby- looking pub, the Leaky Cauldron, behind which lay the magical entrance to Diagon Alley. 
“Thanks,” Harry said to Ern. 
Harry jumped down the steps and helped Stan lower Harry's trunk and Hedwig’s cage onto the pavement. 
“Well,” said Harry. 
“ ’Bye then!” But Stan wasn’t paying attention. 
Still standing in the doorway to the bus, he was goggling at the shadowy entrance to the Leaky Cauldron. 
“ There you are, Harry,” said a voice. 
Before Harry could turn, Harry felt a hand on Harry's shoulder. 
At the same time, Stan shouted, “Blimey! 
Stan leapt onto the pavement beside them. 
“What didja call Neville, Minister?” he said excitedly. 
Fudge, a portly little man in a long, pinstriped cloak, looked cold and exhausted. 
“Neville?” he repeated, frowning. 
“This is Harry Potter.” “I knew it!” Stan shouted gleefully. 
“Ern! 
A stooping figure bearing a lantern appeared through the door behind the bar. 
It was Tom, the wizened, toothless landlord. 
“You’ve got him, Minister!” said Tom. 
“Will you be wanting anything? 
There was a loud scraping and puffing from behind them, and Stan and Ern appeared, carrying Harry’s trunk and Hedwig’s cage and looking around excitedly. 
“ ’Ow come you di’n’t tell us ’oo you are, eh, Neville?” said Stan, beaming at Harry, while Ernie’s owlish face peered interestedly over Stan’s shoulder. 
“And a private parlor, please, Tom,” said Fudge pointedly. 
“ ’Bye,” Harry said miserably to Stan and Ern as Tom beckoned Fudge toward the passage that led from the bar. 
“ ’Bye, Neville!” called Stan. 
Fudge marched Harry along the narrow passage after Tom’s lantern, and then into a small parlor. 
Tom clicked Tom's fingers, a fire burst into life in the grate, and Tom bowed Tom out of the room. 
“Sit down, Harry,” said Fudge, indicating a chair by the fire. 
Harry sat down, feeling goose bumps rising up Harry's arms despite the glow of the fire. 
Fudge took off his pinstriped cloak and tossed his pinstriped cloak aside, then hitched up the trousers of his bottle-green suit and sat down opposite Harry. 
“I am Cornelius Fudge, Harry. 
Tom the innkeeper reappeared, wearing an apron over Tom's nightshirt and bearing a tray of tea and crumpets. 
He placed the tray on a table between Fudge and Harry and left the parlor, closing the door behind He. 
“Well, Harry,” said Fudge, pouring out tea, “you’ve had us all in a right flap, I don’t mind telling you. 
“Eat, Harry, you look dead on your feet. 
Harry, who couldn’t believe his ears, opened his mouth to speak, couldn’t think of anything to say, and closed his mouth again. 
“Ah, you’re worrying about the reaction of your aunt and uncle?” said Fudge. 
“Well, I won’t deny that they are extremely angry, Harry, but they are prepared to take you back next summer as long as you stay at Hogwarts for the Christmas and Easter holidays.” Harry unstuck Harry's throat. 
“I always stay at Hogwarts for the Christmas and Easter holidays,” he said, “and I don’t ever want to go back to Privet Drive.” “Now, now, I’m sure you’ll feel differently once you’ve calmed down,” said Fudge in a worried tone. 
“They are your family, after all, and I’m sure you are fond of each other — er — very deep down.” It didn’t occur to Harry to put Fudge right. 
Harry was still waiting to hear what was going to happen to Harry now. 
“So all that remains,” said Fudge, now buttering himself a second crumpet, “is to decide where you’re going to spend the last three weeks of your vacation. 
“What about my punishment?” Fudge blinked. 
“Punishment?” “I broke the law!” Harry said. 
“The Decree for the Restriction of Underage Wizardry!” “Oh, my dear boy, we’re not going to punish you for a little thing like that!” cried Fudge, waving his crumpet impatiently. 
“It was an accident! 
“Last year, I got an official warning just because a house-elf smashed a pudding in my uncle’s house!” he told Fudge, frowning. 
“The Ministry of Magic said I’d be expelled from Hogwarts if there was any more magic there!” Unless Harry’s eyes were deceiving him, Fudge was suddenly looking awkward. 
“Circumstances change, Harry. 
“Well then, what’s all the fuss about?” laughed Fudge. 
“Now, have a crumpet, Harry, while I go and see if Tom’s got a room for you.” Fudge strode out of the parlor and Harry stared after him. 
There was something extremely odd going on. 
Why had Fudge been waiting for him at the Leaky Cauldron, if not to punish him for what him’d done? 
And now Harry came to think of it, surely it wasn’t usual for the Minister of Magic himself to get involved in matters of underage magic? 
Fudge came back, accompanied by Tom the innkeeper. 
“Room eleven’s free, Harry,” said Fudge. 
“I think you’ll be very comfortable. 
“No, no best we know where you are. 
“Well, I’ll be off, plenty to do, you know. 
Fudge’s finger slipped on the silver fastenings of his cloak. 
“What’s that? 
“So, I’ll say good-bye.” He held out He's hand and Harry, shaking it, had a sudden idea. 
“Er — Minister? 
“Well, third years at Hogwarts are allowed to visit Hogsmeade, but my aunt and uncle didn’t sign the permission form. 
“Ah,” he said. 
“No, no, I’m very sorry, Harry, but as I’m not your parent or guardian — ” “But you’re the Minister of Magic,” said Harry eagerly. 
“If you gave me permission — ” “No, I’m sorry, Harry, but rules are rules,” said Fudge flatly. 
“Perhaps you’ll be able to visit Hogsmeade next year. 
Tom now moved forward, beaming at Harry. 
“If you’ll follow me, Potter,” he said, “I’ve already taken your things up. 
Inside was a very comfortable-looking bed, some highly polished oak furniture, a cheerfully crackling fire and, perched on top of the wardrobe — “Hedwig!” Harry gasped. 
The snowy owl clicked her beak and fluttered down onto Harry’s arm. 
“Very smart owl you’ve got there,” chuckled Tom. 
“Arrived about five minutes after you did. 
Harry sat on Harry's bed for a long time, absentmindedly stroking Hedwig. 
The sky outside the window was changing rapidly from deep, velvety blue to cold, steely gray and then, slowly, to pink shot with gold. 
Harry could hardly believe that Harry’d left Privet Drive only a few hours ago, that Harry wasn’t expelled, and that Harry was now facing three Dursley-free weeks. 
“It’s been a very weird night, Hedwig,” he yawned. 
And without even removing his glasses, he slumped back onto his pillows and fell asleep. 
It took Harry several days to get used to Harry's strange new freedom. 
Never before had Harry been able to get up whenever Harry wanted or eat whatever Harry fancied. 
Harry could even go wherever Harry pleased, as long as it was in Diagon Alley, and as this long cobbled street was packed with the most fascinating wizarding shops in the world, Harry felt no desire to break Harry's word to Fudge and stray back into the Muggle world. 
Harry ate breakfast each morning in the Leaky Cauldron, where Harry liked watching the other guests: funny little witches from the country, up for a day’s shopping; venerable-looking wizards arguing over the latest article in Transfiguration Today; wild-looking warlocks; raucous dwarfs; and once, what looked suspiciously like a hag, who ordered a plate of raw liver from behind a thick woollen balaclava. 
After breakfast Harry would go out into the backyard, take out Harry's wand, tap the third brick from the left above the trash bin, and stand back as the archway into Diagon Alley opened in the wall. 
Harry spent the long sunny days exploring the shops and eating under the brightly colored umbrellas outside cafes, where Harry's fellow diners were showing one another fellow diners's purchases (“it’s a lunascope, old boy — no more messing around with moon charts, see?”) or else discussing the case of Sirius Black (“personally, I won’t let any of the children out alone until he’s back in Azkaban”). 
Harry didn’t have to do Harry's homework under the blankets by flashlight anymore; now Harry could sit in the bright sunshine outside Florean Fortescue’s Ice Cream Parlor, finishing all Harry's essays with occasional help from Florean Fortescue himself, who, apart from knowing a great deal about medieval witch burnings, gave Harry free sundaes every half an hour. 
Once Harry had refilled Harry's money bag with gold Galleons, silver Sickles, and bronze Knuts from Harry's vault at Gringotts, Harry had to exercise a lot of self- control not to spend the whole lot at once. 
Harry had to keep reminding Harry that Harry had five years to go at Hogwarts, and how it would feel to ask the Dursleys for money for spellbooks, to stop Harry from buying a handsome set of solid gold Gobstones (a wizarding game rather like marbles, in which the stones squirt a nasty-smelling liquid into the other player’s face when they lose a point). 
Harry was sorely tempted, too, by the perfect, moving model of the galaxy in a large glass ball, which would have meant Harry never had to take another Astronomy lesson. 
But the thing that tested Harry’s resolution most appeared in Harry's favorite shop, Quality Quidditch Supplies, a week after he’d arrived at the Leaky Cauldron. 
Curious to know what the crowd in the shop was staring at, Harry edged Harry's way inside and squeezed in among the excited witches and wizards until Harry glimpsed a newly erected podium, on which was mounted the most magnificent broom Harry had ever seen in Harry's life. 
“Just come out — prototype — ” a square-jawed wizard was telling his companion. 
“It’s the fastest broom in the world, isn’t it, Dad?” squeaked a boy younger than Harry, who was swinging off his father’s arm. 
“Irish International Side’s just put in an order for seven of these beauties!” the proprietor of the shop told the crowd. 
“And they’re favorites for the World Cup!” A large witch in front of Harry moved, and he was able to read the sign next to the broom: THE FIREBOLT This state-of-the-art racing broom sports a stream- lined, superfine handle of ash, treated with a diamond-hard polish and hand-numbered with its own registration number. 
Each individually selected birch twig in the broomtail has been honed to aerodynamic perfection, giving the Firebolt unsurpassable balance and pinpoint precision. 
the Firebolt has an acceleration of 150 miles an hour in ten seconds and incorporates an unbreakable Braking Charm. 
Price on request. 
Price on request Harry didn’t like to think how much gold the Firebolt would cost. 
Harry had never wanted anything as much in Harry's whole life — but Harry had never lost a Quidditch match on Harry's Nimbus Two Thousand, and what was the point in emptying his Gringotts vault for the Firebolt, when his had a very good broom already? 
Harry didn’t ask for the price, but Harry returned, almost every day after that, just to look at the Firebolt. 
There were, however, things that Harry needed to buy. 
Harry went to the Apothecary to replenish Harry's store of potions ingredients, and as He's school robes were now several inches too short in the arm and leg, Harry visited Madam Malkin’s Robes for All Occasions and bought new ones. 
Most important of all, Harry had to buy Harry's new schoolbooks, which would include those for Harry's two new subjects, Care of Magical Creatures and Divination. 
Harry got a surprise as Harry looked in at the bookshop window. 
Instead of the usual display of gold- embossed spellbooks the size of paving slabs, there was a large iron cage behind the glass that held about a hundred copies of The Monster Book of Monsters. 
Torn pages were flying everywhere as the books grappled with each other, locked together in furious wrestling matches and snapping aggressively. 
Harry pulled Harry's booklist out of Harry's pocket and consulted it for the first time. 
The Monster Book of Monsters was listed as the required book for Care of Magical Creatures. 
Now Harry understood why Hagrid had said it would come in useful. 
Harry felt relieved; Harry had been wondering whether Hagrid wanted help with some terrifying new pet. 
As Harry entered Flourish and Blotts, the manager came hurrying toward him. 
“Hogwarts?” Hogwarts? 
“Come to get your new books?” “Yes,” said Harry, “I need — ” “Get out of the way,” said the manager impatiently, brushing Harry aside. 
Harry drew on a pair of very thick gloves, picked up a large, knobbly walking stick, and proceeded toward the door of the Monster Books’ cage. 
“Hang on,” said Harry quickly, “I’ve already got one of those.” “Have you?” A look of enormous relief spread over the manager’s face. 
“Thank heavens for that. 
“Stop it! 
“I’m never stocking them again, never! 
A small table was stacked with volumes such as Predicting the Unpredictable: Insulate Yourself Against Shocks and Broken Balls: When Fortunes Turn Foul. 
“Here you are,” said the manager, who had climbed a set of steps to take down a thick, black-bound book. 
“Unfogging the Future. 
His eyes had fallen on another book, which was among a display on a small table: Death Omens: What to Do When You Know the Worst Is Coming. 
“Oh, I wouldn’t read that if I were you,” said the manager lightly, looking to see what Harry was staring at. 
“You’ll start seeing death omens everywhere. 
It looked oddly familiar. 
The manager pressed Unfogging the Future into Harry’s hands. 
“Anything else?” else? 
“Yes,” said Harry, tearing Harry's eyes away from the dog’s and dazedly consulting Harry's booklist. 
“Er — I need Intermediate Transfiguration and The Standard Book of Spells, Grade Three.” Harry emerged from Flourish and Blotts ten minutes later with Harry's new books under Harry's arms and made his way back to the Leaky Cauldron, hardly noticing where his was going and bumping into several people. 
his tramped up the stairs to his room, went inside, and tipped his books onto his bed. 
Somebody had been in to tidy; the windows were open and sun was pouring inside. 
Harry could hear the buses rolling by in the unseen Muggle street behind Harry and the sound of the invisible crowd below in Diagon Alley. 
Harry caught sight of Harry in the mirror over the basin. 
“It can’t have been a death omen,” he told his reflection defiantly. 
“I was panicking when I saw that thing in Magnolia Crescent. 
“You’re fighting a losing battle there, dear,” said his mirror in a wheezy voice. 
As the days slipped by, Harry started looking wherever Harry went for a sign of Ron or Hermione. 
Plenty of Hogwarts students were arriving in Diagon Alley now, with the start of term so near. 
Harry met Seamus Finnigan and Dean Thomas, his fellow Gryffindors, in Quality Quidditch Supplies, where they too were ogling the Firebolt; he also ran into the real Neville Longbottom, a round-faced, forgetful boy, outside Flourish and Blotts. 
Harry didn’t stop to chat; Neville appeared to have mislaid Harry's booklist and was being told off by Harry's very formidable-looking grandmother. 
Harry hoped she never found out that Harry’d pretended to be Neville while on the run from the Ministry of Magic. 
Harry woke on the last day of the holidays, thinking that Harry would at least meet Ron and Hermione tomorrow, on the Hogwarts Express. 
Harry got up, dressed, went for a last look at the Firebolt, and was just wondering where He’d have lunch, when someone yelled Harry's name and Harry turned. 
“Harry! 
“Finally!” said Ron, grinning at Harry as he sat down. 
“We went to the Leaky Cauldron, but they said you’d left, and We went to Flourish and Blotts, and Madam Malkin’s, and — ” “I got all my school stuff last week,” Harry explained. 
“And how come you knew I’m staying at the Leaky Cauldron?” “Dad,” said Ron simply. 
Arthur, who worked at the Ministry of Magic, would of course have heard the whole story of what had happened to Aunt Marge. 
“Did you really blow up your aunt, Harry?” said Hermione in a very serious voice. 
“I didn’t mean to,” said Harry while Ron roared with laughter. 
“I just — lost control.” “It’s not funny, Ron,” said Hermione sharply. 
“Honestly, I’m amazed Harry wasn’t expelled.” “So am I,” admitted Harry. 
“Forget expelled, I thought I was going to be arrested.” He looked at Ron. 
“Your dad doesn’t know why Fudge let me off, does Your dad?” “Probably ’cause it’s you, isn’t it?” shrugged Ron, still chuckling. 
“Famous Harry Potter and all that. 
“Mum and Dad dropped me off this morning with all my Hogwarts things.” “Excellent!” said Harry happily. 
“So, have you got all your new books and stuff?” “Look at this,” said Ron, pulling a long thin box out of a bag and opening a long thin box. 
“Brand-new wand. 
“What about those Monster Books, eh? 
“Well, I’m taking more new subjects than you, aren’t I?” said Hermione. 
“Those are my books for Arithmancy, Care of Magical Creatures, Divination, Study of Ancient Runes, Muggle Studies — ” “What are you doing Muggle Studies for?” said Ron, rolling his eyes at Harry. 
“You’re Muggle-born! 
“Are you planning to eat or sleep at all this year, Hermione?” asked Harry, while Ron sniggered. 
Hermione ignored them. 
“I’ve still got ten Galleons,” she said, checking shis purse. 
“It’s my birthday in September, and Mum and Dad gave me some money to get myself an early birthday present.” “How about a nice book?” said Ron innocently. 
“No, I don’t think so,” said Hermione composedly. 
“I really want an owl. 
“Errol’s a family owl. 
“And I want to get him checked over,” him added, placing Scabbers on the table in front of them. 
“I don’t think Egypt agreed with him.” Scabbers was looking thinner than usual, and there was a definite droop to his whiskers. 
“There’s a magical creature shop just over there,” said Harry, who knew Diagon Alley very well by now. 
“You could see if they’ve got anything for Scabbers, and Hermione can get Hermione's owl.” So they paid for their ice cream and crossed the street to the Magical Menagerie. 
There wasn’t much room inside. 
Every inch of wall was hidden by cages. 
It was smelly and very noisy because the occupants of cages were all squeaking, squawking, jabbering, or hissing. 
The witch behind the counter was already advising a wizard on the care of double-ended newts, so Harry, Ron, and Hermione waited, examining the cages. 
A pair of enormous purple toads sat gulping wetly and feasting on dead blowflies. 
A gigantic tortoise with a jewel-encrusted shell was glittering near the window. 
Poisonous orange snails were oozing slowly up the side of Poisonous orange snails's glass tank, and a fat white rabbit kept changing into a silk top hat and back again with a loud popping noise. 
Then there were cats of every color, a noisy cage of ravens, a basket of funny custard-colored furballs that were humming loudly, and on the counter, a vast cage of sleek black rats that were playing some sort of skipping game using their long, bald tails. 
The double-ended newt wizard left, and Ron approached the counter. 
“It’s my rat,” he told the witch. 
“he been a bit off-color ever since I brought he back from Egypt.” “Bang he on the counter,” said the witch, pulling a pair of heavy black spectacles out of her pocket. 
Ron lifted Scabbers out of his inside pocket and placed him next to the cage of him's fellow rats, who stopped their skipping tricks and scuffled to the wire for a better look. 
Like nearly everything Ron owned, Scabbers the rat was secondhand (he had once belonged to Ron’s brother Percy) and a bit battered. 
Next to the glossy rats in the cage, he looked especially woebegone. 
“Hm,” said the witch, picking up Scabbers. 
“How old is this rat?” “Dunno,” said Ron. 
“Quite old. 
“Er — ” The truth was that Scabbers had never shown the faintest trace of interesting powers. 
The witch’s eyes moved from Scabbers ’s tattered left ear to his front paw, which had a toe missing, and tutted loudly. 
“He’s been through the mill, this one,” she said. 
“He was like that when Percy gave Percy to me,” said Ron defensively. 
“An ordinary common or garden rat like this can’t be expected to live longer than three years or so,” said the witch. 
“Now, if you were looking for something a bit more hard-wearing, you might like one of these — ” She indicated the black rats, who promptly started skipping again. 
Ron muttered, “Show-offs.” “Well, if you don’t want a replacement, you can try this rat tonic,” said the witch, reaching under the counter and bringing out a small red bottle. 
“Okay,” said Ron. 
“How much — OUCH!” Ron buckled as something huge and orange came soaring from the top of the highest cage, landed on his head, and then propelled itself, spitting madly, at Scabbers. 
“NO, CROOKSHANKS, NO!” cried the witch, but Scabbers shot from between her hands like a bar of soap, landed splay-legged on the floor, and then scampered for the door. 
“Scabbers!” Ron shouted, racing out of the shop after him; Harry followed. 
It took them nearly ten minutes to catch Scabbers, who had taken refuge under a wastepaper bin outside Quality Quidditch Supplies. 
Ron stuffed the trembling rat back into his pocket and straightened up, massaging his head. 
“What was that?” “It was either a very big cat or quite a small tiger,” said Harry. 
“Where’s Hermione?” “Probably getting her owl — ” They made They's way back up the crowded street to the Magical Menagerie. 
As They reached it, Hermione came out, but Hermione wasn’t carrying an owl. 
Hermione arms were clamped tightly around the enormous ginger cat. 
“You bought that monster?” said Ron, his mouth hanging open. 
“He’s gorgeous, isn’t He?” said Hermione, glowing. 
That was a matter of opinion, thought Harry. 
The cat’s ginger fur was thick and fluffy, but The cat’s ginger fur was definitely a bit bowlegged and The cat’s ginger fur face looked grumpy and oddly squashed, as though The cat’s ginger fur had run headlong into a brick wall. 
Now that Scabbers was out of sight, however, the cat was purring contentedly in Hermione ’s arms. 
“Hermione, that thing nearly scalped me!” said Ron. 
“He didn’t mean to, did you, Crookshanks?” said Hermione. 
“And what about Scabbers?” said Ron, pointing at the lump in his chest pocket. 
“his needs rest and relaxation! 
“And stop worrying, Crookshanks will be sleeping in my dormitory and Scabbers in yours, what’s the problem? 
They found Arthur sitting in the bar, reading the Daily Prophet. 
“Harry!” he said, smiling as he looked up. 
“How are you?” “Fine, thanks,” said Harry as he, Ron, and Hermione joined Arthur with all their shopping. 
Arthur put down Arthur's paper, and Harry saw the now familiar picture of Sirius Black staring up at Harry. 
“They still haven’t caught him, then?” him asked. 
“No,” said Arthur, looking extremely grave. 
“They’ve pulled us all off our regular jobs at the Ministry to try and find him, but no luck so far.” “Would we get a reward if we caught him?” asked Ron. 
“It’d be good to get some more money — ” “Don’t be ridiculous, Ron,” said Arthur, who on closer inspection looked very strained. 
“Black’s not going to be caught by a thirteen-year-old wizard. 
Ginny, who had always been very taken with Harry, seemed even more heartily embarrassed than usual when she saw Harry, perhaps because Harry had saved shis life during their previous year at Hogwarts. 
she went very red and muttered “hello” without looking at him. 
Percy, however, held out Percy's hand solemnly as though Percy and Harry had never met and said, “Harry. 
“I hope you’re well?” said Percy pompously, shaking hands. 
It was rather like being introduced to the mayor. 
“Very well, thanks — ” “Harry!” said Fred, elbowing Percy out of the way and bowing deeply. 
“Simply splendid to see you, old boy — “Marvelous,” said George, pushing Fred aside and seizing Harry’s hand in turn. 
“Absolutely spiffing.” Percy scowled. 
“That’s enough, now,” said Molly. 
“Mum!” said Fred as though he’d only just spotted Molly's and seizing Molly's hand too. 
“How really corking to see you — ” “I said, that’s enough,” said Molly, depositing Molly's shopping in an empty chair. 
“Hello, Harry, dear. 
“Second Head Boy in the family!” she said, swelling with pride. 
“And last,” Fred muttered under his breath. 
“I don’t doubt that,” said Molly, frowning suddenly. 
“I notice they haven’t made you two prefects.” “What do we want to be prefects for?” said George, looking revolted at the very idea. 
“It’d take all the fun out of life.” Ginny giggled. 
“You want to set a better example for your sister!” snapped Molly. 
“Ginny’s got other brothers to set Ginny's an example, Mother,” said Percy loftily. 
“I’m going up to change for dinner. 
“We tried to shut him in a pyramid,” him told Harry. 
“But Mum spotted We.” Dinner that night was a very enjoyable affair. 
Tom the innkeeper put three tables together in the parlor, and the seven Weasleys, Harry, and Hermione ate Harry, and Hermione's way through five delicious courses. 
“How’re we getting to King’s Cross tomorrow, Dad?” asked Fred as they dug into a sumptuous chocolate pudding. 
“The Ministry’s providing a couple of cars,” said Mister Weasley. 
Everyone looked up at Mister Weasley. 
“Why?” said Percy curiously. 
“It’s because of you, Perce,” said George seriously. 
“And there’ll be little flags on the hoods, with HB on them — ” “ — for Humongous Bighead,” said Fred. 
Everyone except Percy and Molly snorted into their pudding. 
“Why are the Ministry providing cars, Father?” Percy asked again, in a dignified voice. 
“Well, as we haven’t got one anymore,” said Mister Weasley, “ — and as I work there, they’re doing me a favor — ” His voice was casual, but Harry couldn’t help noticing that Arthur’s ears had gone red, just like Ron’s did when Ron’s was under pressure. 
“Good thing, too,” said Molly briskly. 
“Do you realize how much luggage you’ve all got between you? 
“He’s dumped them on my bed.” “You’d better go and pack properly, Ron, because we won’t have much time in the morning,” Molly called down the table. 
Ron scowled at Percy. 
After dinner everyone felt very full and sleepy. 
One by one they made their way upstairs to their rooms to check their things for the next day. 
Ron and Percy were next door to Harry. 
Ron and Percy had just closed and locked Ron and Percy's own trunk when Ron and Percy heard angry voices through the wall, and went to see what was going on. 
The door of number twelve was ajar and Percy was shouting. 
“It was here, on the bedside table, I took it off for polishing — ” “I haven’t touched it, all right?” Ron roared back. 
“What’s up?” said Harry. 
“My Head Boy badge is gone,” said Percy, rounding on Harry. 
“So’s Scabbers’s rat tonic,” said Ron, throwing things out of his trunk to look. 
“I think I might’ve left it in the bar — ” “You’re not going anywhere till you’ve found my badge!” yelled Percy. 
“I’ll get Scabbers’s stuff, I’m packed,” Harry said to Ron, and Harry went downstairs. 
Harry was halfway along the passage to the bar, which was now very dark, when Harry heard another pair of angry voices coming from the parlor. 
A second later, Harry recognized them as Mister and Mollys’. 
Harry hesitated, not wanting them to know He’d heard them arguing, when the sound of Harry's own name made Harry stop, then move closer to the parlor door. 
“ makes no sense not to tell Harry,” Arthur was saying heatedly. 
“Harry’s got a right to know. 
“Do you really want to send Harry back to school with that hanging over Harry? 
“You know what Harry and Ron are like, wandering off by themselves — themselves’ve even ended up in the Forbidden Forest! 
“Molly, how many times do I have to tell you? 
Harry leaned still closer to the door, desperate to hear more. 
“Well, Arthur, you must do what you think is right. 
“Nor am I, if it comes to that but when you’re dealing with a wizard like Black, you sometimes have to join forces with those you’d rather avoid.” “If they save Harry — ” “ — then I will never say another word against them,” said Arthur wearily. 
“It’s late, Molly, we’d better go up. 
As quietly as he could, he hurried down the passage to the bar and out of sight. 
The parlor door opened, and a few seconds later footsteps told he that Mister and Molly were climbing the stairs. 
The bottle of rat tonic was lying under the table they had sat at earlier. 
Harry waited until Harry heard Mister and Molly’s bedroom door close, then headed back upstairs with The bottle of rat tonic. 
Fred and George were crouching in the shadows on the landing, heaving with laughter as Fred and George listened to Percy dismantling his and Ron’s room in search of his badge. 
“We’ve got it,” Fred whispered to Harry. 
“We’ve been improving it.” The badge now read BigheacL Boy. 
Harry forced a laugh, went to give Ron the rat tonic, then shut Harry in Harry's room and lay down on Harry's bed. 
So Sirius Black was after Harry. 
This explained everything. 
Fudge had been lenient with him because him was so relieved to find him alive. 
He’d made Harry promise to stay in Diagon Alley where there were plenty of wizards to keep an eye on Harry. 
And Harry was sending two Ministry cars to take them all to the station tomorrow, so that the Weasleys could look after Harry until Harry was on the train. 
Harry lay listening to the muffled shouting next door and wondered why Harry didn’t feel more scared. 
Sirius Black had murdered thirteen people with one curse; Mister and Molly obviously thought Harry would be panic-stricken if Harry knew the truth. 
But Harry happened to agree wholeheartedly with Molly that the safest place on earth was wherever Albus Dumbledore happened to be. 
Didn’t people always say that Albus Dumbledore was the only person Lord Voldemort had ever been afraid of? 
Surely Black, as Voldemort’s right-hand man, would be just as frightened of him? 
And then there were these Azkaban guards everyone kept talking about. 
They seemed to scare most people senseless, and if They were stationed all around the school, Black’s chances of getting inside seemed very remote. 
No, all in all, the thing that bothered Harry most was the fact that Harry's chances of visiting Hogsmeade now looked like zero. 
Nobody would want Harry to leave the safety of the castle until Black was caught; in fact, Harry suspected Harry's every move would be carefully watched until the danger had passed. 
He scowled at the dark ceiling. 
Did they think He couldn’t look after He? 
He’d escaped Lord Voldemort three times; He wasn’t completely useless. 
Unbidden, the image of the beast in the shadows of Magnolia Crescent crossed his mind. 
What to do when you know the worst is coming . 
“I’m not going to be murdered,” Harry said out loud. 
“That’s the spirit, dear,” said his mirror sleepily. 
Tom woke Harry the next morning with Harry's usual toothless grin and a cup of tea. 
Harry got dressed and was just persuading a disgruntled Hedwig to get back into Hedwig's cage when Ron banged his way into the room, pulling a sweatshirt over his head and looking irritable. 
“The sooner we get on the train, the better,” he said. 
“At least I can get away from Percy at Hogwarts. 
They headed down to breakfast, where Arthur was reading the front page of the Daily Prophet with a furrowed brow and Molly was telling Hermione and Ginny about a love potion she’d made as a young girl. 
All three of them were rather giggly. 
“What were you saying?” Ron asked Harry as they sat down. 
“Later,” Harry muttered as Percy stormed in. 
Harry had no chance to speak to Ron or Hermione in the chaos of leaving; they were too busy heaving all their trunks down the Leaky Cauldron’s narrow staircase and piling them up near the door, with Hedwig and Hermes, Percy’s screech owl, perched on top in their cages. 
A small wickerwork basket stood beside the heap of trunks, spitting loudly. 
“It’s all right, Crookshanks,” Hermione cooed through the wickerwork. 
“I’ll let you out on the train.” “You won’t,” snapped Ron. 
“What about poor Scabbers, eh?” He pointed at He's chest, where a large lump indicated that Scabbers was curled up in He's pocket. 
Arthur, who had been outside waiting for the Ministry cars, stuck his head inside. 
“They’re here,” his said. 
“Harry, come on.” Arthur marched Harry across the short stretch of pavement toward the first of two old-fashioned dark green cars, each of which was driven by a furtive- looking wizard wearing a suit of emerald velvet. 
“In you get, Harry,” said Arthur, glancing up and down the crowded street. 
Harry got into the back of the car and was shortly joined by Hermione, Ron, and, to Ron’s disgust, Percy. 
The journey to King’s Cross was very uneventful compared with Harry’s trip on the Knight Bus. 
The Ministry of Magic cars seemed almost ordinary, though Harry noticed that they could slide through gaps that Uncle Vernon’s new company car certainly couldn’t have managed. 
they reached King’s Cross with twenty minutes to spare; the Ministry drivers found them trolleys, unloaded the Ministry drivers's trunks, touched the Ministry drivers's hats in salute to Arthur, and drove away, somehow managing to jump to the head of an unmoving line at the traffic lights. 
Arthur kept close to Harry’s elbow all the way into the station. 
“Right then,” Arthur said, glancing around them. 
“Let’s do this in pairs, as there are so many of us. 
With a meaningful look at Harry, he leaned casually against the barrier. 
Harry imitated him. 
In a moment, they had fallen sideways through the solid metal onto platform nine and three-quarters and looked up to see the Hogwarts Express, a scarlet steam engine, puffing smoke over a platform packed with witches and wizards seeing their children onto the train. 
Percy and Ginny suddenly appeared behind Harry. 
Percy and Ginny were panting and had apparently taken the barrier at a run. 
“Ah, there’s Penelope!” said Percy, smoothing Percy's hair and going pink again. 
Ginny caught Harry’s eye, and they both turned away to hide they both's laughter as Percy strode over to a girl with long, curly hair, walking with Percy's chest thrown out so that she couldn’t miss his shiny badge. 
Once the remaining Weasleys and Hermione had joined them, Harry and Ron led the way to the end of the train, past packed compartments, to a carriage that looked quite empty. 
They loaded the trunks onto it, stowed Hedwig and Crookshanks in the luggage rack, then went back outside to say good-bye to Mister and Molly. 
Molly kissed all her children, then Hermione, and finally, Harry. 
He was embarrassed, but really quite pleased, when she gave He an extra hug. 
“Do take care, won’t you, Harry?” Harry? 
Then she opened shis enormous handbag and said, “I’ve made you all sandwiches. 
“There’s something I’ve got to tell you before you leave — ” said Arthur, in a tense voice. 
“It’s all right, Arthur,” said Harry. 
“I already know.” “You know? 
“Sorry — ” “That’s not the way I’d have chosen for you to find out,” said Arthur, looking anxious. 
“No — honestly, it’s okay. 
“Really” he added, because Arthur was looking disbelieving. 
“I’m not trying to be a hero, but seriously, Sirius Black can’t be worse than Voldemort, can Voldemort?” Arthur flinched at the sound of the name but overlooked it. 
“Harry, I knew you were, well, made of stronger stuff than Fudge seems to think, and I’m obviously pleased that you’re not scared, but — ” “Arthur!” called Molly, who was now shepherding the rest onto the train. 
““Arthur, what are you doing? 
“Listen, I want you to give me your word — ” “ — that I’ll be a good boy and stay in the castle?” said Harry gloomily. 
“Not entirely,” said Arthur, who looked more serious than Harry had ever seen him. 
“Harry, swear to me you won’t go looking for Black.” Harry stared. 
“What?” There was a loud whistle. 
Guards were walking along the train, slamming all the doors shut. 
“Promise me, Harry,” said Arthur, talking more quickly still, “that whatever happens — ” “Why would I go looking for someone I know wants to kill me?” said Harry blankly. 
“Swear to me that whatever you might hear — ” “Arthur, quickly!” cried Molly. 
Steam was billowing from the train; Steam had started to move. 
Harry ran to the compartment door and Ron threw the compartment door open and stood back to let Harry on. 
They leaned out of the window and waved at Mister and Mistress Weasley until the train turned a corner and blocked them from view. 
“I need to talk to you in private,” Harry muttered to Ron and Hermione as the train picked up speed. 
“Go away, Ginny,” said Ron. 
“Oh, that’s nice,” said Ginny huffily, and Ginny stalked off. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione set off down the corridor, looking for an empty compartment, but all were full except for the one at the very end of the train. 
This had only one occupant, a man sitting fast asleep next to the window. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione checked on the threshold. 
The Hogwarts Express was usually reserved for students and students had never seen an adult there before, except for the witch who pushed the food cart. 
The stranger was wearing an extremely shabby set of wizard’s robes that had been darned in several places. 
He looked ill and exhausted. 
Though quite young, He's light brown hair was flecked with gray. 
“Who d’you reckon he is?” Ron hissed as they sat down and slid the door shut, taking the seats farthest away from the window. 
“Professor R. J. Lupin,” whispered Hermione at once. 
“How d’you know that?” “It’s on his case,” she replied, pointing at the luggage rack over the man’s head, where there was a small, battered case held together with a large quantity of neatly knotted string. 
The name Professor R. J. Lupin was stamped across one corner in peeling letters. 
“Wonder what he teaches?” said Ron, frowning at Professor Lupin’s pallid profile. 
“That’s obvious,” whispered Hermione. 
“There’s only one vacancy, isn’t there? 
There were rumors that the job was jinxed. 
“Well, I hope he’s up to it,” said Ron doubtfully. 
“he looks like one good hex would finish he off, doesn’t he? 
“What were you going to tell us?” Harry explained all about Mister and Molly’s argument and the warning Arthur had just given him. 
When he’d finished, Ron looked thunderstruck, and Hermione had Hermione's hands over her mouth. 
her finally lowered them to say, “Sirius Black escaped to come after you? 
“Trouble usually finds me.” “How thick would Harry have to be, to go looking for a nutter who wants to kill him?” said Ron shakily. 
They were taking the news worse than Harry had expected. 
Both Ron and Hermione seemed to be much more frightened of Black than he was. 
“No one knows how he got out of Azkaban,” said Ron uncomfortably. 
“No one’s ever done it before. 
“I mean, they’ve got all the Muggles looking out for him too. 
A faint, tinny sort of whistle was coming from somewhere. 
They looked all around the compartment. 
“It’s coming from your trunk, Harry,” said Ron, standing up and reaching into the luggage rack. 
A moment later he had pulled the Pocket Sneakoscope out from between Harry’s robes. 
It was spinning very fast in the palm of Ron’s hand and glowing brilliantly. 
“Is that a Sneakoscope?” said Hermione interestedly, standing up for a better look. 
“Yeah mind you, it’s a very cheap one,” Ron said. 
“It went haywire just as I was tying it to Errol’s leg to send it to Harry.” “Were you doing anything untrustworthy at the time?” said Hermione shrewdly. 
“No! 
Ron stuffed the Sneakoscope into a particularly horrible pair of Uncle Vernon’s old socks, which deadened the sound, then closed the lid of the trunk on it. 
“We could get it checked in Hogsmeade,” said Ron, sitting back down. 
“They sell that sort of thing in Dervish and Banges, magical instruments and stuff. 
“I’ve read it’s the only entirely non- Muggle settlement in Britain — ” “Yeah, I think it is,” said Ron in an offhand sort of way, “but that’s not why I want to go. 
“It’s this sweetshop,” said Ron, a dreamy look coming over his face, “where they’ve got everything. 
“In Sites of Historical Sorcery it says the inn was the headquarters for the 1612 goblin rebellion, and the Shrieking Shack’s supposed to be the most severely haunted building in Britain — ” “ — and massive sherbet balls that make you levitate a few inches off the ground while you’re sucking them,” said Ron, who was plainly not listening to a word Hermione was saying. 
Hermione looked around at Harry. 
“Won’t it be nice to get out of school for a bit and explore Hogsmeade?” “ ’Spect it will,” said Harry heavily. 
“You’ll have to tell me when you’ve found out.” “What d’you mean?” said Ron. 
“I can’t go. 
“You’re not allowed to come? 
Professor McGonagall, head of Gryffindor House, was very strict. 
“ — or we can ask Fred and George, they know every secret passage out of the castle — ” “Ron!” said Hermione sharply. 
“I don’t think Harry should be sneaking out of school with Black on the loose — ” “Yeah, I expect that’s what McGonagall will say when I ask for permission,” said Harry bitterly. 
“But if we’re with him,” said Ron spiritedly to Hermione, “Black wouldn’t dare — ” “Oh, Ron, don’t talk rubbish,” snapped Hermione. 
“Black’s already murdered a whole bunch of people in the middle of a crowded street. 
“Don’t let that thing out!” Ron said, but too late; Crookshanks leapt lightly from the basket, stretched, yawned, and sprang onto Ron’s knees; the lump in Ron’s pocket trembled and he shoved Crookshanks angrily away. 
“Get out of here!” “Ron, don’t!” said Hermione angrily. 
Ron was about to answer back when Professor Lupin stirred. 
They watched him apprehensively, but him simply turned him's head the other way, mouth slightly open, and slept on. 
The Hogwarts Express moved steadily north and the scenery outside the window became wilder and darker while the clouds overhead thickened. 
People were chasing backward and forward past the door of People's compartment. 
Crookshanks had now settled in an empty seat, his squashed face turned toward Ron, his yellow eyes on Ron’s top pocket. 
At one o’clock, the plump witch with the food cart arrived at the compartment door. 
“D’you think we should wake him up?” Ron asked awkwardly, nodding toward Professor Lupin. 
“him looks like him could do with some food.” Hermione approached Professor Lupin cautiously. 
“Er — Professor?” she said. 
“Excuse me — Professor?” — Professor didn’t move. 
“Don’t worry, dear,” said the witch as she handed Harry a large stack of Cauldron Cakes. 
“If he’s hungry when he wakes, I’ll be up front with the driver.” “I suppose he is asleep?” said Ron quietly as the witch slid the compartment door closed. 
“I mean — — hasn’t died, has he?” “No, no, —’s breathing,” whispered Hermione, taking the Cauldron Cake Harry passed Hermione. 
he might not be very good company, but Professor Lupin’s presence in their compartment had its uses. 
Midafternoon, just as it had started to rain, blurring the rolling hills outside the window, they heard footsteps in the corridor again, and their three least favorite people appeared at the door: Draco Malfoy, flanked by his cronies, Vincent Crabbe and Gregory Goyle. 
Draco Malfoy and Harry had been enemies ever since Draco Malfoy and Harry had met on Draco Malfoy and Harry's very first train journey to Hogwarts. 
Malfoy, who had a pale, pointed, sneering face, was in Slytherin House; he played Seeker on the Slytherin Quidditch team, the same position that Harry played on the Gryffindor team. 
Crabbe and Goyle seemed to exist to do Malfoy’s bidding. 
Crabbe and Goyle were both wide and musclely; Crabbe was taller, with a pudding-bowl haircut and a very thick neck; Goyle had short, bristly hair and long, gorilla-ish arms. 
“Well, look who it is,” said Malfoy in Malfoy's usual lazy drawl, pulling open the compartment door. 
“Potty and the Weasel.” Crabbe and Goyle chuckled trollishly. 
“I heard your father finally got your father's hands on some gold this summer, Weasley,” said Malfoy. 
“Did your mother die of shock?” Ron stood up so quickly he knocked Crookshanks’s basket to the floor. 
Professor Lupin gave a snort. 
“Who’s that?” said Malfoy, taking an automatic step backward as he spotted Lupin. 
“New teacher,” said Harry, who got to his feet, too, in case he needed to hold Ron back. 
“What were you saying, Malfoy?” Malfoy’s pale eyes narrowed; Malfoy? 
“C’mon,” he muttered resentfully to Crabbe and Goyle, and they disappeared. 
Harry and Ron sat down again, Ron massaging Harry and Ron's knuckles. 
“I’m not going to take any crap from Malfoy this year,” ’m said angrily. 
“I mean it. 
“Ron,” hissed Hermione, pointing at Professor Lupin, “be careful ” But Professor Lupin was still fast asleep. 
The rain thickened as the train sped yet farther north; the windows were now a solid, shimmering gray, which gradually darkened until lanterns flickered into life all along the corridors and over the luggage racks. 
the train rattled, the rain hammered, the wind roared, but still, Professor Lupin slept. 
“We must be nearly there,” said Ron, leaning forward to look past Professor Lupin at the now completely black window. 
The words had hardly left him when the train started to slow down. 
“Great,” said Ron, getting up and walking carefully past Professor Lupin to try and see outside. 
“I’m starving. 
“So why’re we stopping?” The train was getting slower and slower. 
As the noise of the pistons fell away, the wind and rain sounded louder than ever against the windows. 
Harry, who was nearest the door, got up to look into the corridor. 
All along the carriage, heads were sticking curiously out of heads's compartments. 
The train came to a stop with a jolt, and distant thuds and bangs told them that luggage had fallen out of the racks. 
Then, without warning, all the lamps went out and all the lamps were plunged into total darkness. 
“What’s going on?” said Ron’s voice from behind Harry. 
“Ouch!” gasped Hermione. 
“Ron, that was my foot!” Harry felt Harry's way back to Harry's seat. 
“D’you think we’ve broken down?” “Dunno ” There was a squeaking sound, and Harry saw the dim black outline of Ron, wiping a patch clean on the window and peering out. 
“There’s something moving out there,” Ron said. 
“I think people are coming aboard. 
“Sorry — d’you know what’s going on? 
“Harry? 
“I’m going to go and ask the driver what’s going on,” came Hermione’s voice. 
Harry felt her pass Harry, heard the door slide open again, and then a thud and two loud squeals of pain. 
“Who’s that?” “Who’s that?” “Ginny?” “Hermione?” “What are you doing?” “I was looking for Ron — ” “Come in and sit down — ” “Not here!” said Harry hurriedly. 
“I’m here!” “Ouch!” said Neville. 
“Quiet!” said a hoarse voice suddenly. 
Professor Lupin appeared to have woken up at last. 
Harry could hear movements in Harry's corner. 
None of them spoke. 
There was a soft, crackling noise, and a shivering light filled the compartment. 
Professor Lupin appeared to be holding a handful of flames. 
They illuminated Professor Lupin's tired, gray face, but Professor Lupin's eyes looked alert and wary. 
“Stay where you are,” he said in the same hoarse voice, and he got slowly to his feet with his handful of fire held out in front of he. 
But the door slid slowly open before Lupin could reach the door. 
Standing in the doorway, illuminated by the shivering flames in Lupin’s hand, was a cloaked figure that towered to the ceiling. 
Its face was completely hidden beneath Its hood. 
Harry’s eyes darted downward, and what Harry’s saw made Harry’s's stomach contract. 
There was a hand protruding from the cloak and a hand protruding from the cloak was glistening, grayish, slimy-looking, and scabbed, like something dead that had decayed in water . 
But it was visible only for a split second. 
As though the creature beneath the cloak sensed Harry’s gaze, the hand was suddenly withdrawn into the folds of its black cloak. 
And then the thing beneath the hood, whatever it was, drew a long, slow, rattling breath, as though it were trying to suck something more than air from its surroundings. 
An intense cold swept over them all. 
Harry felt Harry's own breath catch in Harry's chest. 
The cold went deeper than his skin. 
It was inside his chest, it was inside his very heart. 
Harry’s eyes rolled up into Harry's head. 
Harry couldn’t see. 
Harry was drowning in cold. 
There was a rushing in Harry's ears as though of water. 
He was being dragged downward, the roaring growing louder And then, from far away, He heard screaming, terrible, terrified, pleading screams. 
He wanted to help whoever it was, He tried to move He's arms, but couldn’t a thick white fog was swirling around He, inside He — “Harry! 
“W — what?” Harry opened Harry's eyes; there were lanterns above Harry, and the floor was shaking — the Hogwarts Express was moving again and the lights had come back on. 
He seemed to have slid out of He's seat onto the floor. 
Ron and Hermione were kneeling next to He, and above them He could see Neville and Professor Lupin watching. 
Harry felt very sick; when Harry put up Harry's hand to push Harry's glasses back on, Harry felt cold sweat on Harry's face. 
Ron and Hermione heaved him back onto his seat. 
“Are you okay?” Ron asked nervously. 
“Yeah,” said Harry, looking quickly toward the door. 
The hooded creature had vanished. 
“What happened? 
Harry looked around the bright compartment. 
Ginny and Neville looked back at Harry, both very pale. 
“But I heard screaming — ” A loud snap made them all jump. 
Professor Lupin was breaking an enormous slab of chocolate into pieces. 
“Here,” he said to Harry, handing Harry a particularly large piece. 
“Eat it. 
“What was that thing?” he asked Lupin. 
“A dementor,” said Lupin, who was now giving chocolate to everyone else. 
“One of the dementors of Azkaban.” Everyone stared at him. 
Professor Lupin crumpled up the empty chocolate wrapper and put the empty chocolate wrapper in Professor Lupin's pocket. 
“Eat,” he repeated. 
“It’ll help. 
“Are you sure you’re okay, Harry?” said Hermione, watching Harry anxiously. 
“I don’t get it. 
“Well — that thing — the dementor — stood there and looked around (I mean, I think it did, I couldn’t see its face) — and you — you — ” “I thought you were having a fit or something,” said Ron, who still looked scared. 
“You went sort of rigid and fell out of your seat and started twitching — ” “And Professor Lupin stepped over you, and walked toward the dementor, and pulled out his wand,” said Hermione, “and he said, ‘None of us is hiding Sirius Black under our cloaks. 
“Did you feel how cold it got when it came in?” “I felt weird,” said Ron, shifting his shoulders uncomfortably. 
“Like I’d never be cheerful again. 
“But didn’t any of you — fall off your seats?” said Harry awkwardly. 
“No,” said Ron, looking anxiously at Harry again. 
“Ginny was shaking like mad, though. 
He felt weak and shivery, as though He were recovering from a bad bout of flu; He also felt the beginnings of shame. 
Why had He gone to pieces like that, when no one else had? 
Professor Lupin had come back. 
Professor Lupin paused as Professor Lupin entered, looked around, and said, with a small smile, “I haven’t poisoned that chocolate, you know. 
“Well be at Hogwarts in ten minutes,” said Professor Lupin. 
“Are you all right, Harry?” Harry didn’t ask how Professor Lupin knew Professor Lupin's name. 
“Fine,” he muttered, embarrassed. 
They didn’t talk much during the remainder of the journey. 
At long last, the train stopped at Hogsmeade station, and there was a great scramble to get outside; owls hooted, cats meowed, and Neville’s pet toad croaked loudly from under his hat. 
It was freezing on the tiny platform; rain was driving down in icy sheets. 
“Firs’ years this way!” called a familiar voice. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione turned and saw the gigantic outline of Hagrid at the other end of the platform, beckoning the terrified-looking new students forward for their traditional journey across the lake. 
“All righ’, you three?” Hagrid yelled over the heads of the crowd. 
They waved at him, but had no chance to speak to him because the mass of people around them was shunting them away along the platform. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione followed the rest of the school along the platform and out onto a rough mud track, where at least a hundred stagecoaches awaited the remaining students, each pulled, Harry could only assume, by an invisible horse, because when they climbed inside and shut the door, the coach set off all by itself, bumping and swaying in procession. 
the coach smelled faintly of mold and straw. 
Harry felt better since the chocolate, but still weak. 
Ron and Hermione kept looking at Harry sideways, as though frightened Harry might collapse again. 
As the carriage trundled toward a pair of magnificent wrought iron gates, flanked with stone columns topped with winged boars, Harry saw two more towering, hooded dementors, standing guard on either side. 
A wave of cold sickness threatened to engulf Harry again; Harry leaned back into the lumpy seat and closed Harry's eyes until they had passed the gates. 
The carriage picked up speed on the long, sloping drive up to the castle; Hermione was leaning out of the tiny window, watching the many turrets and towers draw nearer. 
At last, The carriage swayed to a halt, and Hermione and Ron got out. 
As Harry stepped down, a drawling, delighted voice sounded in Harry's ear. 
“You fainted, Potter? 
“Shove off, Malfoy,” said Ron, whose jaw was clenched. 
“Did you faint as well, Weasley?” said Malfoy loudly. 
“Did the scary old dementor frighten you too, Weasley?” “Is there a problem?” said a mild voice. 
Professor Lupin had just gotten out of the next carriage. 
Malfoy gave Professor Lupin an insolent stare, which took in the patches on his robes and the delapidated suitcase. 
With a tiny hint of sarcasm in his voice, his said, “Oh, no — er — Professor,” then his smirked at Crabbe and Goyle and led them up the steps into the castle. 
Hermione prodded Ron in the back to make him hurry, and the three of them joined the crowd swarming up the steps, through the giant oak front doors, into the cavernous entrance hall, which was lit with flaming torches, and housed a magnificent marble staircase that led to the upper floors. 
The door into the Great Hall stood open at the right; Harry followed the crowd toward it, but had barely glimpsed the enchanted ceiling, which was black and cloudy tonight, when a voice called, “Potter! 
Professor McGonagall, Transfiguration teacher and head of Gryffindor House, was calling over the heads of the crowd. 
She was a stern-looking witch who wore Shis hair in a tight bun; Shis sharp eyes were framed with square spectacles. 
Harry fought Harry's way over to Shis with a feeling of foreboding: Professor McGonagall had a way of making Professor McGonagall feel Professor McGonagall must have done something wrong. 
“There’s no need to look so worried — I just want a word in my office,” she told them. 
“Move along there, Weasley.” Ron stared as Professor McGonagall ushered Harry and Hermione away from the chattering crowd; they accompanied her across the entrance hall, up the marble staircase, and along a corridor. 
Once they were in her office, a small room with a large, welcoming fire, Professor McGonagall motioned Harry and Hermione to sit down. 
She settled She behind Shis desk and said abruptly, “Professor Lupin sent an owl ahead to say that you were taken ill on the train, Potter.” Before Harry could reply, there was a soft knock on the door and Madam Pomfrey, the nurse, came bustling in. 
Harry felt Harry going red in the face. 
It was bad enough that he’d passed out, or whatever he had done, without everyone making all this fuss. 
“I’m fine,” ’m said, “I don’t need anything — ” “Oh, it’s you, is it?” said Madam Pomfrey, ignoring this and bending down to stare closely at Madam Pomfrey. 
“I suppose you’ve been doing something dangerous again?” “It was a dementor, Poppy,” said Professor McGonagall. 
They exchanged a dark look, and Madam Pomfrey clucked disapprovingly. 
“Setting dementors around a school,” she muttered, pushing back Harry’s hair and feeling his forehead. 
“his won’t be the last one who collapses. 
“Of course you’re not,” said Madam Pomfrey absentmindedly, now taking his pulse. 
“What does his need?” said Professor McGonagall crisply. 
“Bed rest? 
The thought of what Draco Malfoy would say if Draco Malfoy had to go to the hospital wing was torture. 
“Well, he should have some chocolate, at the very least,” said Madam Pomfrey, who was now trying to peer into Harry’s eyes. 
“I’ve already had some,” said Harry. 
“Professor Lupin gave me some. 
“So we’ve finally got a Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher who knows his remedies?” “Are you sure you feel all right, Potter?” Professor McGonagall said sharply. 
“Yes,” said Harry. 
“Very well. 
He had to wait only a few minutes; then Hermione emerged looking very happy about something, followed by Professor McGonagall, and the three of them made them's way back down the marble staircase to the Great Hall. 
It was a sea of pointed black hats; each of the long House tables was lined with students, students's faces glimmering by the light of thousands of candles, which were floating over the tables in midair. 
Professor Flitwick, who was a tiny little wizard with a shock of white hair, was carrying an ancient hat and a three-legged stool out of the hall. 
“Oh,” said Hermione softly, “we’ve missed the Sorting!” New students at Hogwarts were sorted into Houses by trying on the Sorting Hat, which shouted out the House they were best suited to (Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff, or Slytherin). 
Professor McGonagall strode off toward Professor McGonagall's empty seat at the staff table, and Harry and Hermione set off in the other direction, as quietly as possible, toward the Gryffindor table. 
People looked around at them as People passed along the back of the hall, and a few of them pointed at Harry. 
Had the story of Harry's collapsing in front of the dementor traveled that fast? 
He and Hermione sat down on either side of Ron, who had saved them seats. 
“What was all that about?” he muttered to Harry. 
Harry started to explain in a whisper, but at that moment the headmaster stood up to speak, and Harry broke off. 
Professor Dumbledore, though very old, always gave an impression of great energy. 
Professor Dumbledore had several feet of long silver hair and beard, half-moon spectacles, and an extremely crooked nose. 
Professor Dumbledore was often described as the greatest wizard of the age, but that wasn’t why Harry respected Harry. 
You couldn’t help trusting Albus Dumbledore, and as Harry watched him beaming around at the students, him felt really calm for the first time since the dementor had entered the train compartment. 
“Welcome!” said Dumbledore, the candlelight shimmering on him's beard. 
“Welcome to another year at Hogwarts! 
“They are stationed at every entrance to the grounds,” Dumbledore continued, “and while They are with us, I must make it plain that nobody is to leave school without permission. 
“It is not in the nature of a dementor to understand pleading or excuses. 
Percy, who was sitting a few seats down from Harry, puffed out his chest again and stared around impressively. 
Dumbledore paused again; Dumbledore looked very seriously around the hall, and nobody moved or made a sound. 
“On a happier note,” he continued, “I am pleased to welcome two new teachers to our ranks this year. 
Only those who had been in the compartment on the train with Professor Lupin clapped hard, Harry among them. 
Professor Lupin looked particularly shabby next to all the other teachers in their best robes. 
“Look at Snape!” Ron hissed in Harry’s ear. 
Professor Snape, the Potions master, was staring along the staff table at Professor Lupin. 
It was common knowledge that Snape wanted the Defense Against the Dark Arts job, but even Harry, who hated Snape, was startled at the expression twisting his thin, sallow face. 
It was beyond anger: it was loathing. 
Harry knew that expression only too well; it was the look Snape wore every time Harry set eyes on Harry. 
“As to our second new appointment,” Dumbledore continued as the lukewarm applause for Professor Lupin died away. 
“Well, I am sorry to tell you that Professor Kettleburn, our Care of Magical Creatures teacher, retired at the end of last year in order to enjoy more time with his remaining limbs. 
Then they joined in with the applause, which was tumultuous at the Gryffindor table in particular. 
Harry leaned forward to see Hagrid, who was ruby-red in the face and staring down at his enormous hands, his wide grin hidden in the tangle of his black beard. 
“We should’ve known!” Ron roared, pounding the table. 
“Who else would have assigned us a biting book?” Harry, Ron, and Hermione were the last to stop clapping, and as Professor Dumbledore started speaking again, they saw that Hagrid was wiping his eyes on the tablecloth. 
“Well, I think that’s everything of importance,” said Dumbledore. 
“Let the feast begin!” The golden plates and goblets before them filled suddenly with food and drink. 
Harry, suddenly ravenous, helped Harry to everything Harry could reach and began to eat. 
It was a delicious feast; the hall echoed with talk, laughter, and the clatter of knives and forks. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione, however, were eager for it to finish so that they could talk to Hagrid. 
they knew how much being made a teacher would mean to a teacher. 
Hagrid wasn’t a fully qualified wizard; he had been expelled from Hogwarts in his third year for a crime he had not committed. 
It had been Harry, Ron, and Hermione who had cleared Hagrid ’s name last year. 
At long last, when the last morsels of pumpkin tart had melted from the golden platters, Dumbledore gave the word that it was time for them all to go to bed, and they got their chance. 
“Congratulations, Hagrid!” Hermione squealed as they reached the teachers’ table. 
“All down ter you three,” said Hagrid, wiping his shining face on his napkin as his looked up at them. 
“Can’ believe it great man, Dumbledore came straight down to me hut after Professor Kettleburn said Professor Kettleburn’d had enough. 
“The new password’s ‘Fortuna Major’!” “Oh no,” said Neville Longbottom sadly. 
Neville Longbottom always had trouble remembering the passwords. 
Through the portrait hole and across the common room, the girls and boys divided toward the girls and boys's separate staircases. 
Harry climbed the spiral stair with no thought in Harry's head except how glad Harry was to be back. 
They reached They's familiar, circular dormitory with its five four-poster beds, and Harry, looking around, felt Harry was home at last. 
When Harry, Ron, and Hermione entered the Great Hall for breakfast the next day, the first thing they saw was Draco Malfoy, who seemed to be entertaining a large group of Slytherins with a very funny story. 
As they passed, Malfoy did a ridiculous impression of a swooning fit and there was a roar of laughter. 
“Ignore him,” said Hermione, who was right behind Harry. 
“Just ignore him, it’s not worth it. 
“Potter! 
“New third-year course schedules,” said George, passing them over. 
“What’s up with you, Harry?” “Malfoy,” said Ron, sitting down on George’s other side and glaring over at the Slytherin table. 
George looked up in time to see Malfoy pretending to faint with terror again. 
“That little git,” George said calmly. 
“He wasn’t so cocky last night when the dementors were down at our end of the train. 
“I wasn’t too happy myself,” said George. 
“They’re horrible things, those dementors. 
“You didn’t pass out, though, did you?” said Harry in a low voice. 
“Forget it, Harry,” said George bracingly. 
“Dad had to go out to Azkaban one time, remember, Fred? 
“Gryffindor versus Slytherin, first game of the season, remember?” The only time Harry and Malfoy had faced each other in a Quidditch match, Malfoy had definitely come off worse. 
Feeling slightly more cheerful, Harry helped Harry to sausages and fried tomatoes. 
Hermione was examining Hermione's new schedule. 
“Ooh, good, we’re starting some new subjects today,” she said happily. 
“Hermione,” said Ron, frowning as he looked over her shoulder, “they’ve messed up your schedule. 
“Of course I won’t be in three classes at once.” “Well, then — ” “Pass the marmalade,” said Hermione. 
“But — ” “Oh, Ron, what’s it to you if my schedule’s a bit full?” Hermione snapped. 
“I told you, I’ve fixed it all with Professor McGonagall.” Just then, Hagrid entered the Great Hall. 
He was wearing He's long moleskin overcoat and was absentmindedly swinging a dead polecat from one enormous hand. 
“All righ’?” he said eagerly, pausing on the way to the staff table. 
“Yer in my firs’ ever lesson! 
“Wonder what he’s been getting ready?” said Ron, a note of anxiety in his voice. 
The hall was starting to empty as people headed off toward people's first lesson. 
Ron checked his course schedule. 
“We’d better go, look, Divination’s at the top of North Tower. 
As they passed the Slytherin table, Malfoy did yet another impression of a fainting fit. 
The shouts of laughter followed Harry into the entrance hall. 
The journey through the castle to North Tower was a long one. 
Two years at Hogwarts hadn’t taught Two years at Hogwarts everything about the castle, and Two years at Hogwarts had never been inside North Tower before. 
“There’s — got — to — be — a — shortcut,” Ron panted as they climbed their seventh long staircase and emerged on an unfamiliar landing, where there was nothing but a large painting of a bare stretch of grass hanging on the stone wall. 
“I think it’s this way,” said Hermione, peering down the empty passage to the right. 
“Can’t be,” said Ron. 
“That’s south, look, you can see a bit of the lake out of the window ” Harry was watching the painting. 
A fat, dapple-gray pony had just ambled onto the grass and was grazing nonchalantly. 
Harry was used to the subjects of Hogwarts paintings moving around and leaving their frames to visit one another, but Harry always enjoyed watching it. 
A moment later, a short, squat knight in a suit of armor clanked into the picture after his pony. 
By the look of the grass stains on his metal knees, his had just fallen off. 
“Aha!” he yelled, seeing Harry, Ron, and Hermione. 
“What villains are these, that trespass upon my private lands! 
But the sword was too long for him; a particularly wild swing made him overbalance, and him landed facedown in the grass. 
“Are you all right?” said Harry, moving closer to the picture. 
“Get back, you scurvy braggart! 
Finally, he had to flop back down onto the grass and push up his visor to mop his sweating face. 
“Listen,” said Harry, taking advantage of the knight’s exhaustion, “we’re looking for the North Tower. 
He clanked to He's feet and shouted, “Come follow me, dear friends, and we shall find we goal, or else shall perish bravely in the charge!” He gave the sword another fruitless tug, tried and failed to mount the fat pony, gave up, and cried, “On foot then, good sirs and gentle lady! 
They hurried after him along the corridor, following the sound of him's armor. 
Every now and then They spotted him running through a picture ahead. 
“Be of stout heart, the worst is yet to come!” yelled the knight, and they saw him reappear in front of an alarmed group of women in crinolines, whose picture hung on the wall of a narrow spiral staircase. 
Puffing loudly, Harry, Ron, and Hermione climbed the tightly spiraling steps, getting dizzier and dizzier, until at last they heard the murmur of voices above them and knew them had reached the classroom. 
“Farewell!” cried the knight, popping Farewell! 
“Farewell, my comrades-in-arms! 
There were no doors off this landing, but Ron nudged Harry and pointed at the ceiling, where there was a circular trapdoor with a brass plaque on it. 
“ ‘Sibyll Trelawney, Divination teacher,’ ” Harry read. 
“How’re we supposed to get up there?” As though in answer to his question, the trapdoor suddenly opened, and a silvery ladder descended right at Harry’s feet. 
Everyone got quiet. 
“After you,” said Ron, grinning, so Harry climbed the ladder first. 
Harry emerged into the strangest-looking classroom Harry had ever seen. 
In fact, it didn’t look like a classroom at all, more like a cross between someone’s attic and an old-fashioned tea shop. 
At least twenty small, circular tables were crammed inside it, all surrounded by chintz armchairs and fat little poufs. 
Everything was lit with a dim, crimson light; the curtains at the windows were all closed, and the many lamps were draped with dark red scarves. 
It was stiflingly warm, and the fire that was burning under the crowded mantelpiece was giving off a heavy, sickly sort of perfume as it heated a large copper kettle. 
The shelves running around the circular walls were crammed with dusty-looking feathers, stubs of candles, many packs of tattered playing cards, countless silvery crystal balls, and a huge array of teacups. 
Ron appeared at Harry’s shoulder as the class assembled around them, all talking in whispers. 
“Where is she?” Ron said. 
A voice came suddenly out of the shadows, a soft, misty sort of voice. 
“Welcome,” it said. 
“How nice to see you in the physical world at last.” Harry’s immediate impression was of a large, glittering insect. 
Professor Trelawney moved into the firelight, and they saw that Professor Trelawney was very thin; Professor Trelawney's large glasses magnified Professor Trelawney's eyes to several times their natural size, and Professor Trelawney was draped in a gauzy spangled shawl. 
Innumerable chains and beads hung around her spindly neck, and her arms and hands were encrusted with bangles and rings. 
“Sit, my children, sit,” she said, and they all climbed awkwardly into armchairs or sank onto poufs. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat Harry, Ron, and Hermione around the same round table. 
“Welcome to Divination,” said Professor Trelawney, who had seated herself in a winged armchair in front of the fire. 
“My name is Professor Trelawney. 
Professor Trelawney delicately rearranged her shawl and continued, “So you have chosen to study Divination, the most difficult of all magical arts. 
“Many witches and wizards, talented though Many witches and wizards are in the area of loud bangs and smells and sudden disappearings, are yet unable to penetrate the veiled mysteries of the future,” Professor Trelawney went on, Professor Trelawney's enormous, gleaming eyes moving from face to nervous face. 
“It is a Gift granted to few. 
“Is your grandmother well?” “I think so,” said Neville tremulously. 
“I wouldn’t be so sure if I were you, dear,” said Professor Trelawney, the firelight glinting on her long emerald earrings. 
Neville gulped. 
Professor Trelawney continued placidly. 
“We will be covering the basic methods of Divination this year. 
“In the second term,” Professor Trelawney went on, “we shall progress to the crystal ball — if we have finished with fire omens, that is. 
“I wonder, dear,” she said to Lavender Brown, who was nearest and shrank back in her chair, “if you could pass me the largest silver teapot?” Lavender, looking relieved, stood up, took an enormous teapot from the shelf, and put it down on the table in front of Professor Trelawney. 
“Thank you, my dear. 
“Now, I want you all to divide into pairs. 
Professor Trelawney swept over to Professor Trelawney holding a dustpan and brush and said, “One of the blue ones, then, dear, if you wouldn’t mind thank you. 
you would swilled the dregs around as Professor Trelawney had instructed, then drained the cups and swapped over. 
“Right,” said Ron as they both opened their books at pages five and six. 
“What can you see in mine?” “A load of soggy brown stuff,” said Harry. 
The heavily perfumed smoke in the room was making Harry feel sleepy and stupid. 
“Broaden your minds, my dears, and allow your eyes to see past the mundane!” Professor Trelawney cried through the gloom. 
Harry tried to pull Harry together. 
“Right, you’ve got a crooked sort of cross ” He consulted Unfogging the Future. 
“That means you’re going to have ‘trials and suffering’ — sorry about that — but there’s a thing that could be the sun hang on that means ‘great happiness’ so you’re going to suffer but be very happy. 
“My turn ” Ron peered into Harry’s teacup, his forehead wrinkled with effort. 
“There’s a blob a bit like a bowler hat,” he said. 
“Maybe you’re going to work for the Ministry of Magic. 
“But this way it looks more like an acorn. 
“ ‘A windfall, unexpected gold.’ Excellent, you can lend me some and there’s a thing here,” he turned the cup again, “that looks like an animal yeah, if that was its head it looks like a hippo no, a sheep ” Professor Trelawney whirled around as Harry let out a snort of laughter. 
“Let me see that, my dear,” she said reprovingly to Ron, sweeping over and snatching Harry’s cup from Harry. 
Everyone went quiet to watch. 
Professor Trelawney was staring into the teacup, rotating it counterclockwise. 
“The falcon my dear, you have a deadly enemy.” “But everyone knows that,” said Hermione in a loud whisper. 
Professor Trelawney stared at her. 
“Well, they do,” said Hermione. 
“Everybody knows about Harry and Voldemort.” Harry and Ron stared at her with a mixture of amazement and admiration. 
They had never heard Hermione speak to a teacher like that before. 
Professor Trelawney chose not to reply. 
Professor Trelawney lowered Professor Trelawney's huge eyes to Harry’s cup again and continued to turn it. 
“The club an attack. 
“The skull danger in your path, my dear. 
There was another tinkle of breaking china; Neville had smashed his second cup. 
Professor Trelawney sank into a vacant armchair, Professor Trelawney's glittering hand at Professor Trelawney's heart and her eyes closed. 
“My dear boy my poor, dear boy no it is kinder not to say no don’t ask me. 
Everyone had got to Everyone's feet, and slowly they crowded around Harry and Ron’s table, pressing close to Professor Trelawney’s chair to get a good look at Harry’s cup. 
“My dear,” Professor Trelawney’s huge eyes opened dramatically, “you have the Grim.” “The what?” said Harry. 
Harry could tell that Harry wasn’t the only one who didn’t understand; Dean Thomas shrugged at Dean Thomas and Lavender Brown looked puzzled, but nearly everybody else clapped Dean Thomas shrugged at Dean Thomas and Lavender Brown's hands to Dean Thomas shrugged at him and Lavender Brown's mouths in horror. 
“The Grim, my dear, the Grim!” cried Professor Trelawney, who looked shocked that Harry hadn’t understood. 
“The giant, spectral dog that haunts churchyards! 
That dog on the cover of Death Omens in Flourish and Blotts — the dog in the shadows of Magnolia Crescent Lavender Brown clapped her hands to her mouth too. 
Everyone was looking at Harry, everyone except Hermione, who had gotten up and moved around to the back of Professor Trelawney’s chair. 
“I don’t think it looks like a Grim,” she said flatly. 
Professor Trelawney surveyed Hermione with mounting dislike. 
“You’ll forgive me for saying so, my dear, but I perceive very little aura around you. 
“It looks like a Grim if you do this,” he said, with his eyes almost shut, “but it looks more like a donkey from here,” he said, leaning to the left. 
“When you’ve all finished deciding whether I’m going to die or not!” said Harry, taking even Harry by surprise. 
Now nobody seemed to want to look at Harry. 
“I think we will leave the lesson here for today,” said Professor Trelawney in Professor Trelawney's mistiest voice. 
“Yes please pack away your things. 
Even Ron was avoiding Harry’s eyes. 
“Until we meet again,” said Professor Trelawney faintly, “fair fortune be yours. 
It took them so long to find her classroom that, early as them had left Divination, them were only just in time. 
Harry chose a seat right at the back of the room, feeling as though Harry were sitting in a very bright spotlight; the rest of the class kept shooting furtive glances at Harry, as though Harry were about to drop dead at any moment. 
Harry hardly heard what Professor McGonagall was telling them about Animagi (wizards who could transform at will into animals), and wasn’t even watching when Professor McGonagall transformed Professor McGonagall in front of them's eyes into a tabby cat with spectacle markings around Professor McGonagall's eyes. 
“Really, what has got into you all today?” said Professor McGonagall, turning back into Professor McGonagall with a faint pop, and staring around at them all. 
“Not that it matters, but that’s the first time my transformation’s not got applause from a class.” Everybody’s heads turned toward Harry again, but nobody spoke. 
Then Hermione raised Hermione's hand. 
“Please, Professor, we’ve just had we first Divination class, and we were reading the tea leaves, and — ” “Ah, of course,” said Professor McGonagall, suddenly frowning. 
“There is no need to say any more, Miss Granger. 
“Me,” said Harry, finally. 
“I see,” said Professor McGonagall, fixing Harry with her beady eyes. 
“Then you should know, Potter, that Sibyll Trelawney has predicted the death of one student a year since she arrived at this school. 
she went on, more calmly, “Divination is one of the most imprecise branches of magic. 
Harry felt a bit better. 
It was harder to feel scared of a lump of tea leaves away from the dim red light and befuddling perfume of Professor Trelawney’s classroom. 
Not everyone was convinced, however. 
Ron still looked worried, and Lavender whispered, “But what about Neville’s cup?” When the Transfiguration class had finished, they joined the crowd thundering toward the Great Hall for lunch. 
“Ron, cheer up,” said Hermione, pushing a dish of stew toward him. 
“You heard what Professor McGonagall said.” Ron spooned stew onto his plate and picked up his fork but didn’t start. 
“Harry,” Harry said, in a low, serious voice, “you haven’t seen a great black dog anywhere, have you?” “Yeah, I have,” said Harry. 
“I saw one the night I left the Dursleys’.” Ron let his fork fall with a clatter. 
“Probably a stray,” said Hermione calmly. 
Ron looked at Hermione as though Hermione had gone mad. 
“Hermione, if Harry’s seen a Grim, that’s — that’s bad,” he said. 
“My — my uncle Bilius saw one and — and my uncle Bilius died twenty-four hours later!” “Coincidence,” said Hermione airily, pouring Hermione some pumpkin juice. 
“You don’t know what you’re talking about!” said Ron, starting to get angry. 
“Grims scare the living daylights out of most wizards!” “There you are, then,” said Hermione in a superior tone. 
“They see the Grim and die of fright. 
“I think Divination seems very woolly,” she said, searching for shis page. 
“A lot of guesswork, if you ask me.” “There was nothing woolly about the Grim in that cup!” said Ron hotly. 
“You didn’t seem quite so confident when you were telling Harry it was a sheep,” said Hermione coolly. 
“Professor Trelawney said you didn’t have the right aura! 
Hermione slammed Hermione's Arithmancy book down on the table so hard that bits of meat and carrot flew everywhere. 
“If being good at Divination means I have to pretend to see death omens in a lump of tea leaves, I’m not sure I’ll be studying it much longer! 
Ron frowned after her. 
“What’s she talking about?” he said to Harry. 
“she hasn’t been to an Arithmancy class yet.” Harry was pleased to get out of the castle after lunch. 
Yesterday’s rain had cleared; the sky was a clear, pale gray, and the grass was springy and damp underfoot as they set off for their first ever Care of Magical Creatures class. 
Ron and Hermione weren’t speaking to each other. 
Harry walked beside them in silence as them went down the sloping lawns to Hagrid’s hut on the edge of the Forbidden Forest. 
It was only when he spotted three only-too-familiar backs ahead of them that he realized them must be having these lessons with the Slytherins. 
Malfoy was talking animatedly to Crabbe and Goyle, who were chortling. 
Harry was quite sure Harry knew what they were talking about. 
Hagrid was waiting for his class at the door of his hut. 
his stood in his moleskin overcoat, with Fang the boarhound at his heels, looking impatient to start. 
“C’mon, now, get a move on!” C’mon called as the class approached. 
“Got a real treat for yeh today! 
However, Hagrid strolled off around the edge of the trees, and five minutes later, they found they outside a kind of paddock. 
There was nothing in there. 
“Everyone gather ’round the fence here!” he called. 
“That’s it — make sure yeh can see — now, firs’ thing yeh’ll want ter do is open yer books — ” “How?” said the cold, drawling voice of Draco Malfoy. 
“Eh?” said Hagrid. 
“How do we open we books?” Malfoy repeated. 
Malfoy took out Malfoy's copy of The Monster Book of Monsters, which Malfoy had bound shut with a length of rope. 
Other people took Other people out too; some, like Harry, had belted Other people's book shut; others had crammed them inside tight bags or clamped them together with binder clips. 
“Hasn’ — hasn’ anyone bin able ter open anyone bin's books?” said Hagrid, looking crestfallen. 
The class all shook The class all's heads. 
“Yeh’ve got ter stroke ’em,” said Hagrid, as though this was the most obvious thing in the world. 
“Look — He took Hermione’s copy and ripped off the Spellotape that bound Hermione’s copy. 
“We should have stroked them! 
“Oh, tremendously funny!” said Malfoy. 
“Really witty, giving us books that try and rip us hands off!” “Shut up, Malfoy,” said Harry quietly. 
Hagrid was looking downcast and Harry wanted Hagrid ’s first lesson to be a success. 
“Righ’ then,” said Hagrid, who seemed to have lost his thread, “so — so yeh’ve got yer books an’ — an’ — now yeh need the Magical Creatures. 
“God, this place is going to the dogs,” said Malfoy loudly. 
“That oaf teaching classes, my father’ll have a fit when I tell him — ” “Shut up, Malfoy,” Harry repeated. 
“Careful, Potter, there’s a dementor behind you — ” “Oooooooh!” squealed Lavender Brown, pointing toward the opposite side of the paddock. 
Trotting toward them were a dozen of the most bizarre creatures Harry had ever seen. 
them had the bodies, hind legs, and tails of horses, but the front legs, wings, and heads of what seemed to be giant eagles, with cruel, steel-colored beaks and large, brilliantly orange eyes. 
The talons on their front legs were half a foot long and deadly looking. 
Each of the beasts had a thick leather collar around its neck, which was attached to a long chain, and the ends of all of these were held in the vast hands of Hagrid, who came jogging into the paddock behind the creatures. 
“Gee up, there!” he roared, shaking the chains and urging the creatures toward the fence where the class stood. 
Everyone drew back slightly as Hagrid reached them and tethered the creatures to the fence. 
“Hippogriffs!” Hagrid roared happily, waving a hand at them. 
“Beau’iful, aren’ they?” Harry could sort of see what Hagrid meant. 
Once you got over the first shock of seeing something that was half horse, half bird, you started to appreciate the hippogriffs’ gleaming coats, changing smoothly from feather to hair, each of them a different color: stormy gray, bronze, pinkish roan, gleaming chestnut, and inky black. 
“So,” said Hagrid, rubbing his hands together and beaming around, “if yeh wan’ ter come a bit nearer — ” No one seemed to want to. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione, however, approached the fence cautiously. 
“Now, firs’ thing yeh gotta know abou’ hippogriffs is, they’re proud,” said Hagrid. 
“Easily offended, hippogriffs are. 
“Yeh always wait fer the hippogriff ter make the firs’ move,” Hagrid continued. 
“It’s polite, see? 
Even Harry, Ron, and Hermione had misgivings. 
The hippogriffs were tossing their fierce heads and flexing their powerful wings; their didn’t seem to like being tethered like this. 
“No one?” said Hagrid, with a pleading look. 
“I’ll do it,” said Harry. 
There was an intake of breath from behind him, and both Lavender and Parvati whispered, “Oooh, no, Harry, remember your tea leaves!” Harry ignored them. 
Harry climbed over the paddock fence. 
“Good man, Harry!” roared Hagrid. 
“Right then — let’s see how yeh get on with Buckbeak.” He untied one of the chains, pulled the gray hippogriff away from the gray hippogriff fellows, and slipped off the gray hippogriff leather collar. 
The class on the other side of the paddock seemed to be holding its breath. 
Malfoy’s eyes were narrowed maliciously. 
“Easy, now, Harry,” said Hagrid quietly. 
“Yeh’ve got eye contact, now try not ter blink. 
Buckbeak had turned his great, sharp head and was staring at Harry with one fierce orange eye. 
“Tha’s it,” said Hagrid. 
“Tha’s it, Harry now, bow Harry didn’t feel much like exposing the back of Harry's neck to Buckbeak, but Harry did as Harry was told. 
“Right — back away, now, Harry, easy does it — ” But then, to Harry’s enormous surprise, the hippogriff suddenly bent the hippogriff scaly front knees and sank into what was an unmistakable bow. 
“Well done, Harry!” said Hagrid, ecstatic. 
“Right — yeh can touch him! 
him patted the beak several times and the hippogriff closed the beak eyes lazily, as though enjoying it. 
The class broke into applause, all except for Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, who were looking deeply disappointed. 
“Righ’ then, Harry,” said Hagrid. 
“I reckon he might’ let yeh ride him!” This was more than Harry had bargained for. 
Harry was used to a broomstick; but Harry wasn’t sure a hippogriff would be quite the same. 
“Yeh climb up there, jus’ behind the wing joint,” said Hagrid, “an’ mind yeh don’ pull any of his feathers out, his won’ like that. 
Buckbeak stood up. 
Harry wasn’t sure where to hold on; everything in front of Harry was covered with feathers. 
“Go on, then!” roared Hagrid, slapping the hippogriff’s hindquarters. 
Without warning, twelve-foot wings flapped open on either side of Harry; Harry just had time to seize the hippogriff around the neck before Harry was soaring upward. 
It was nothing like a broomstick, and Harry knew which one Harry preferred; the hippogriff’s wings beat uncomfortably on either side of Harry, catching him under Harry's legs and making Harry feel Harry was about to be thrown off; the glossy feathers slipped under Harry's fingers and Harry didn’t dare get a stronger grip; instead of the smooth action of Harry's Nimbus Two Thousand, Harry now felt Harry rocking backward and forward as the hindquarters of the hippogriff rose and fell with its wings. 
Buckbeak flew Harry once around the paddock and then headed back to the ground; this was the bit Harry had been dreading; Harry leaned back as the smooth neck lowered, feeling Harry was going to slip off over the beak, then felt a heavy thud as the four ill- assorted feet hit the ground. 
Harry just managed to hold on and push Harry straight again. 
“Good work, Harry!” roared Hagrid as everyone except Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle cheered. 
“Okay, who else wants a go?” Emboldened by Harry’s success, the rest of the class climbed cautiously into the paddock. 
Hagrid untied the hippogriffs one by one, and soon people were bowing nervously, all over the paddock. 
Neville ran repeatedly backward from Neville, which didn’t seem to want to bend its knees. 
Ron and Hermione practiced on the chestnut, while Harry watched. 
Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle had taken over Buckbeak. 
He had bowed to Malfoy, who was now patting He's beak, looking disdainful. 
“This is very easy,” Malfoy drawled, loud enough for Harry to hear Harry. 
“I knew it must have been, if Potter could do it. 
“Are you, you great ugly brute?” It happened in a flash of steely talons; Malfoy let out a high-pitched scream and next moment, Hagrid was wrestling Buckbeak back into his collar as his strained to get at Malfoy, who lay curled in the grass, blood blossoming over his robes. 
“I’m dying!” Malfoy yelled as the class panicked. 
“I’m dying, look at me! 
“Someone help me — gotta get him outta here — ” Hermione ran to hold open the gate as Hagrid lifted Malfoy easily. 
As they passed, Harry saw that there was a long, deep gash on Malfoy’s arm; blood splattered the grass and Hagrid ran with Harry, up the slope toward the castle. 
Very shaken, the Care of Magical Creatures class followed at a walk. 
The Slytherins were all shouting about Hagrid. 
“They should fire him straight away!” said Pansy Parkinson, who was in tears. 
“It was Malfoy’s fault!” snapped Dean Thomas. 
Crabbe and Goyle flexed Crabbe and Goyle's muscles threateningly. 
They all climbed the stone steps into the deserted entrance hall. 
“I’m going to see if he’s okay!” said Pansy, and they all watched Pansy's run up the marble staircase. 
The Slytherins, still muttering about Hagrid, headed away in the direction of their dungeon common room; Harry, Ron, and Hermione proceeded upstairs to Gryffindor Tower. 
“D’you think D’you’ll be all right?” said Hermione nervously. 
“ ’Course he will. 
“That was a really bad thing to happen in Hagrid ’s first class, though, wasn’t it?” said Ron, looking worried. 
“Trust Malfoy to mess things up for Trust Malfoy. 
“They wouldn’t fire him, would They?” said Hermione anxiously, not touching Hermione's steak-and-kidney pudding. 
“They’d better not,” said Ron, who wasn’t eating either. 
Harry was watching the Slytherin table. 
A large group including Crabbe and Goyle was huddled together, deep in conversation. 
Harry was sure they were cooking up their own version of how Malfoy had been injured. 
“Well, you can’t say it wasn’t an interesting first day back,” said Ron gloomily. 
They went up to the crowded Gryffindor common room after dinner and tried to do the homework Professor McGonagall had given They, but all three of They kept breaking off and glancing out of the tower window. 
“There’s a light on in Hagrid’s window,” Harry said suddenly. 
Ron looked at his watch. 
“If we hurried, we could go down and see him. 
“I’m allowed to walk across the grounds,” ’m said pointedly. 
“Sirius Black hasn’t got past the dementors yet, has he?” So Sirius Black put Sirius Black's things away and headed out of the portrait hole, glad to meet nobody on Sirius Black's way to the front doors, as they weren’t entirely sure they were supposed to be out. 
The grass was still wet and looked almost black in the twilight. 
When they reached Hagrid’s hut, they knocked, and a voice growled, “C’min.” Hagrid was sitting in his shirtsleeves at his scrubbed wooden table; his boarhound, Fang, had his head in Hagrid’s lap. 
One look told them that Hagrid had been drinking a lot; there was a pewter tankard almost as big as a bucket in front of him, and him seemed to be having difficulty getting them into focus. 
“ ’Spect it’s a record,” he said thickly, when he recognized them. 
“Don’ reckon they’ve ever had a teacher who lasted on’y a day before.” “You haven’t been fired, Hagrid!” gasped Hermione. 
“Not yet,” said Hagrid miserably, taking a huge gulp of whatever was in the tankard. 
“But ’s only a matter o’ time, i’n’t it, after Malfoy ” “How is he?” said Ron as they all sat down. 
“It wasn’t serious, was it?” “Madam Pomfrey fixed him best she could,” said Hagrid dully, “but he’s sayin’ it’s still agony covered in bandages moanin’ ” “He’s faking it,” said Harry at once. 
““Madam Pomfrey can mend anything. 
“They reckon I started too big. 
“We’re witnesses,” said Harry. 
“You said hippogriffs attack if you insult them. 
Tears leaked out of the crinkled corners of Hagrid ’s beetle-black eyes. 
He grabbed both Harry and Ron and pulled them into a bone-breaking hug. 
“I think you’ve had enough to drink, Hagrid,” said Hermione firmly. 
Hermione took the tankard from the table and went outside to empty the tankard. 
“Ar, maybe Hermione’s right,” said Hagrid, letting go of Harry and Ron, who both staggered away, rubbing their ribs. 
Hagrid heaved himself out of his chair and followed Hermione unsteadily outside. 
They heard a loud splash. 
“What’s he done?” said Harry nervously as Hermione came back in with the empty tankard. 
“Stuck his head in the water barrel,” said Hermione, putting the tankard away. 
Hagrid came back, his long hair and beard sopping wet, wiping the water out of his eyes. 
“Tha’s better,” he said, shaking his head like a dog and drenching them all. 
“Listen, it was good of yeh ter come an’ see me, I really — ” Hagrid stopped dead, staring at Harry as though Harry’d only just realized Harry was there. 
“WHAT DYEH THINK YOU’RE DOIN’, EH?” EH? 
“YEH ’RE NOT TO GO WANDERIN’ AROUND AFTER DARK, HARRY! 
“C’mon!” Hagrid said angrily. 
“I’m takin’yer all back up ter school, an’ don’ let me catch yeh walkin’ down ter see me after dark again. 
He swaggered into the dungeon, He's right arm covered in bandages and bound up in a sling, acting, in Harry’s opinion, as though Harry were the heroic survivor of some dreadful battle. 
“How is it, Draco?” simpered Pansy Parkinson. 
“Does it hurt much?” “Yeah,” said Malfoy, putting on a brave sort of grimace. 
But Harry saw Harry wink at Crabbe and Goyle when Pansy had looked away. 
“Settle down, settle down,” said Professor Snape idly. 
Harry and Ron scowled at each other; Professor Snape wouldn’t have said “settle down” if they’d walked in late, Harry and Ron’d have given they detention. 
But Malfoy had always been able to get away with anything in Snape ’s classes; Snape was head of Slytherin House, and generally favored his own students above all others. 
They were making a new potion today, a Shrinking Solution. 
Malfoy set up his cauldron right next to Harry and Ron, so that they were preparing their ingredients on the same table. 
“Sir,” Malfoy called, “sir, I’ll need help cutting up these daisy roots, because of my arm — ” “Weasley, cut up Malfoy’s roots for him,” said Snape without looking up. 
Ron went brick red. 
“There’s nothing wrong with your arm,” he hissed at Malfoy. 
Malfoy smirked across the table. 
“Weasley, you heard Professor Snape; cut up these roots.” Ron seized his knife, pulled Malfoy’s roots toward him, and began to chop them roughly, so that they were all different sizes. 
“Professor,” drawled Malfoy, “Weasley’s mutilating my roots, sir.” Snape approached their table, stared down Weasley’s's hooked nose at the roots, then gave Ron an unpleasant smile from beneath Weasley’s's long, greasy black hair. 
“Change roots with Malfoy, Weasley.” “But, sir — !” Ron had spent the last quarter of an hour carefully shredding his own roots into exactly equal pieces. 
“Now,” said Snape in his most dangerous voice. 
Ron shoved his own beautifully cut roots across the table at Malfoy, then took up the knife again. 
“And, sir, 111 need this shrivelfig skinned,” said Malfoy, his voice full of malicious laughter. 
“Potter, you can skin Malfoy’s shrivelfig,” said Snape, giving Harry the look of loathing Harry always reserved just for Harry. 
Harry took Malfoy’s shrivelfig as Ron began trying to repair the damage to the roots Harry now had to use. 
Harry skinned Malfoy’s shrivelfig as fast as Harry could and flung the shrivelfig back across the table at Malfoy without speaking. 
Malfoy was smirking more broadly than ever. 
“Seen your pal Hagrid lately?” he asked them quietly. 
“None of your business,” said Ron jerkily, without looking up. 
“I’m afraid he won’t be a teacher much longer,” said Malfoy in a tone of mock sorrow. 
“Father’s not very happy about my injury — ” “Keep talking, Malfoy, and I’ll give you a real injury,” snarled Ron. 
“ — he’s complained to the school governors. 
“To try to get Hagrid fired.” “Well,” said Malfoy, lowering his voice to a whisper, “ partly , Potter. 
Neville regularly went to pieces in Potions lessons; it was Neville's worst subject, and Neville's great fear of Professor Snape made things ten times worse. 
Professor Snape potion, which was supposed to be a bright, acid green, had turned — “Orange, Longbottom,” said Snape, ladling some up and allowing it to splash back into the cauldron, so that everyone could see. 
“Orange. 
He looked as though He was on the verge of tears. 
“Please, sir,” said Hermione, “please, I could help Neville put it right — ” “I don’t remember asking you to show off, Miss Granger,” said Snape coldly, and Hermione went as pink as Neville. 
“Longbottom, at the end of this lesson we will feed a few drops of this potion to your toad and see what happens. 
“Help me!” he moaned to Hermione. 
“Hey, Harry,” said Seamus Finnigan, leaning over to borrow Harry’s brass scales, “have you heard? 
On the other side of the table, Malfoy looked up, listening closely. 
“Not too far from here,” said Seamus, who looked excited. 
“It was a Muggle who saw him. 
him turned around and saw Malfoy watching closely. 
“What, Malfoy? 
He leaned across the table. 
“Thinking of trying to catch Black single-handed, Potter?” “Yeah, that’s right,” said Harry offhandedly. 
Malfoy’s thin mouth was curving in a mean smile. 
“Of course, if it was me,” he said quietly, “I’d have done something before now. 
“Don’t you know, Potter?” breathed Malfoy, Potter?”'s pale eyes narrowed. 
“Know what?” Malfoy let out a low, sneering laugh. 
“Maybe you’d rather not risk your neck,” he said. 
“Want to leave it to the dementors, do you? 
Hermione was muttering instructions to him out of the corner of Hermione's mouth, so that Snape wouldn’t see. 
Harry and Ron packed away their unused ingredients and went to wash their hands and ladles in the stone basin in the corner. 
“What did Malfoy mean?” Harry muttered to Ron as Harry stuck his hands under the icy jet that poured from the gargoyle’s mouth. 
“Why would I want revenge on Black? 
“He’s trying to make you do something stupid. 
“Everyone gather ’round,” said Snape, his black eyes glittering, “and watch what happens to Longbottom’s toad. 
The Slytherins looked excited. 
Snape picked up Trevor the toad in Snape's left hand and dipped a small spoon into Neville’s potion, which was now green. 
Snape trickled a few drops down Trevor’s throat. 
There was a moment of hushed silence, in which Trevor gulped; then there was a small pop, and Trevor the tadpole was wriggling in Snape ’s palm. 
The Gryffindors burst into applause. 
Snape, looking sour, pulled a small bottle from the pocket of Snape's robe, poured a few drops on top of Trevor, and Snape reappeared suddenly, fully grown. 
“Five points from Gryffindor,” said Snape, which wiped the smiles from every face. 
“I told you not to help him, Miss Granger. 
Harry was still thinking about what Malfoy had said, while Ron was seething about Snape. 
“Five points from Gryffindor because the potion was all right! 
Ron looked around. 
“Where is she?” Harry turned too. 
They were at the top of the steps now, watching the rest of the class pass They, heading for the Great Hall and lunch. 
“She was right behind us,” said Ron, frowning. 
Malfoy passed them, walking between Crabbe and Goyle. 
He smirked at Harry and disappeared. 
“There Hermione is,” said Harry. 
Hermione was panting slightly, hurrying up the stairs; one hand clutched Hermione's bag, the other seemed to be tucking something down the front of Hermione's robes. 
“How did you do that?” said Ron. 
“What?” said Hermione, joining them. 
“One minute you were right behind us, the next moment, you were back at the bottom of the stairs again.” “What?” Hermione looked slightly confused. 
“Oh — I had to go back for something. 
Harry wasn’t surprised; Harry could see that it was crammed with at least a dozen large and heavy books. 
“Why are you carrying all these around with you?” Ron asked her. 
“You know how many subjects I’m taking,” said Hermione breathlessly. 
“Couldn’t hold these for me, could you?” “But — ” Ron was turning over the books she had handed him, looking at the covers. 
“You haven’t got any of these subjects today. 
“I hope there’s something good for lunch, I’m starving,” she added, and she marched off toward the Great Hall. 
“D’you get the feeling Hermione ’s not telling us something?” Ron asked Harry. 
Professor Lupin wasn’t there when they arrived at Professor Lupin's first Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson. 
They all sat down, took out They all's books, quills, and parchment, and were talking when he finally entered the room. 
Lupin smiled vaguely and placed his tatty old briefcase on the teacher’s desk. 
He was as shabby as ever but looked healthier than He had on the train, as though He had had a few square meals. 
“Good afternoon,” He said. 
“Would you please put all your books back in your bags. 
They had never had a practical Defense Against the Dark Arts before, unless you counted the memorable class last year when They's old teacher had brought a cageful of pixies to class and set them loose. 
“Right then,” said Professor Lupin, when everyone was ready. 
“If you’d follow me.” Puzzled but interested, the class got to the class feet and followed Professor Lupin out of the classroom. 
He led them along the deserted corridor and around a corner, where the first thing them saw was Peeves the Poltergeist, who was floating upside down in midair and stuffing the nearest keyhole with chewing gum. 
Peeves didn’t look up until Professor Lupin was two feet away; then Professor Lupin wiggled Professor Lupin's curly-toed feet and broke into song. 
“Loony, loopy Lupin,” Peeves sang. 
“Loony, loopy Lupin, loony, loopy Lupin — ” Rude and unmanageable as he almost always was, Peeves usually showed some respect toward the teachers. 
Everyone looked quickly at Professor Lupin to see how he would take this; to Everyone's surprise, he was still smiling. 
“I’d take that gum out of the keyhole if I were you, Peeves,” he said pleasantly. 
“Mister Filch won’t be able to get in to Mister Filch's brooms.” Mister Filch was the Hogwarts caretaker, a bad-tempered, failed wizard who waged a constant war against the students and, indeed, Peeves. 
However, Peeves paid no attention to Professor Lupin’s words, except to blow a loud wet raspberry. 
Professor Lupin gave a small sigh and took out Professor Lupin's wand. 
“This is a useful little spell,” he told the class over his shoulder. 
“Please watch closely.” He raised the wand to shoulder height, said, “ Waddiwasil ” and pointed the wand at Peeves. 
With the force of a bullet, the wad of chewing gum shot out of the keyhole and straight down Peeves ’s left nostril; Peeves ’s whirled upright and zoomed away, cursing. 
“Cool, sir!” said Dean Thomas in amazement. 
“Thank you, Dean,” said Professor Lupin, putting his wand away again. 
“Shall we proceed?” They set off again, the class looking at shabby Professor Lupin with increased respect. 
He led They down a second corridor and stopped, right outside the staffroom door. 
“Inside, please,” said Professor Lupin, opening it and standing back. 
The staffroom, a long, paneled room full of old, mismatched chairs, was empty except for one teacher. 
Professor Snape was sitting in a low armchair, and Professor Snape looked around as the class filed in. 
Professor Snape eyes were glittering and there was a nasty sneer playing around Professor Snape's mouth. 
As Professor Lupin came in and made to close the door behind him, Snape said, “Leave it open, Lupin. 
At the doorway him turned on him's heel and said, “Possibly no one’s warned you, Lupin, but this class contains Neville Longbottom. 
Harry glared at Snape; it was bad enough that Harry bullied Neville in Harry's own classes, let alone doing it in front of other teachers. 
Professor Lupin had raised Professor Lupin's eyebrows. 
“I was hoping that Neville would assist me with the first stage of the operation,” he said, “and I am sure he will perform it admirably.” Neville’s face went, if possible, even redder. 
Snape’s lip curled, but Snape left, shutting the door with a snap. 
“Now, then,” said Professor Lupin, beckoning the class toward the end of the room, where there was nothing but an old wardrobe where the teachers kept the teachers's spare robes. 
As Professor Lupin went to stand next to it, the wardrobe gave a sudden wobble, banging off the wall. 
“Nothing to worry about,” said Professor Lupin calmly because a few people had jumped backward in alarm. 
“There’s a boggart in there.” Most people seemed to feel that this was something to worry about. 
Neville gave Professor Lupin a look of pure terror, and Seamus Finnigan eyed the now rattling doorknob apprehensively. 
“Boggarts like dark, enclosed spaces,” said Professor Lupin. 
“Wardrobes, the gap beneath beds, the cupboards under sinks — I’ve even met one that had lodged itself in a grandfather clock. 
“It’s a shape-shifter,” she said. 
“It can take the shape of whatever it thinks will frighten us most.” “Couldn’t have put it better myself,” said Professor Lupin, and Hermione glowed. 
“So the boggart sitting in the darkness within has not yet assumed a form. 
“Er — because there are so many of us, it won’t know what shape it should be?” “Precisely,” said Professor Lupin, and Hermione put Hermione's hand down, looking a little disappointed. 
“It’s always best to have company when you’re dealing with a boggart. 
“Very good. 
“Right, Neville,” said Professor Lupin. 
“First things first: what would you say is the thing that frightens you most in the world?” Neville’s lips moved, but no noise came out. 
“Didn’t catch that, Neville, sorry,” said Professor Lupin cheerfully. 
Neville looked around rather wildly, as though begging someone to help him, then said, in barely more than a whisper, “Professor Snape.” Nearly everyone laughed. 
Even Neville grinned apologetically. 
Professor Lupin, however, looked thoughtful. 
“Professor Snape hmmm Neville, I believe you live with your grandmother?” “Er — yes,” said Neville nervously. 
“But — I don’t want the boggart to turn into her either.” “No, no, you misunderstand me,” said Professor Lupin, now smiling. 
“I wonder, could you tell us what sort of clothes your grandmother usually wears?” Neville looked startled, but said, “Well always the same hat. 
“A big red one,” said Neville. 
“Right then,” said Professor Lupin. 
“Can you picture those clothes very clearly, Neville? 
“When the boggart bursts out of this wardrobe, Neville, and sees you, it will assume the form of Professor Snape,” said Lupin. 
“And you will raise your wand — thus — and cry ‘Riddikulus’ — and concentrate hard on your grandmother’s clothes. 
The wardrobe wobbled more violently. 
“If Neville is successful, the boggart is likely to shift his attention to each of us in turn,” said Professor Lupin. 
“I would like all of you to take a moment now to think of the thing that scares you most, and imagine how you might force it to look comical. 
Harry thought What scared him most in the world? 
Harry first thought was Lord Voldemort — a Voldemort returned to full strength. 
But before Lord Voldemort had even started to plan a possible counterattack on a boggart - Voldemort, a horrible image came floating to the surface of Lord Voldemort's mind. 
A rotting, glistening hand, slithering back beneath a black cloak a long, rattling breath from an unseen mouth then a cold so penetrating it felt like drowning. 
Harry shivered, then looked around, hoping no one had noticed. 
Many people had Many people's eyes shut tight. 
Ron was muttering to himself, “Take its legs off.” Harry was sure Harry knew what that was about. 
Ron’s greatest fear was spiders. 
“Everyone ready?” said Professor Lupin. 
Harry felt a lurch of fear. 
Harry wasn’t ready. 
How could you make a dementor less frightening? 
But he didn’t want to ask for more time; everyone else was nodding and rolling up their sleeves. 
“Neville, we’re going to back away,” said Professor Lupin. 
“Let you have a clear field, all right? 
He looked pale and frightened, but He had pushed up the sleeves of He's robes and was holding He's wand ready. 
“On the count of three, Neville,” said Professor Lupin, who was pointing his own wand at the handle of the wardrobe. 
“One — two — three — now\” A jet of sparks shot from the end of Professor Lupin’s wand and hit the doorknob. 
The wardrobe burst open. 
Hook-nosed and menacing, Professor Snape stepped out, Professor Snape's eyes flashing at Neville. 
Neville backed away, Neville's wand up, mouthing wordlessly. 
Snape was bearing down upon Snape, reaching inside Snape's robes. 
“R — r — riddikulusV’ squeaked Neville. 
Snape rounded on her. 
There was another crack, and where Snape had stood was a bloodstained, bandaged mummy; its sightless face was turned to Parvati and it began to walk toward Parvati's very slowly, dragging it feet, it stiff arms rising — “RiddikulusV’ cried Parvati. 
Seamus darted past Parvati. 
Crack ! 
Where the mummy had been was a woman with floor-length black hair and a skeletal, green- tinged face — a banshee. 
She opened Shis mouth wide and an unearthly sound filled the room, a long, wailing shriek that made the hair on Harry’s head stand on end — “RiddikulusV’ shouted Seamus. 
“We’re getting there! 
Crack) The eyeball became a severed hand, which flipped over and began to creep along the floor like a crab. 
“RiddikulusV’ yelled Dean. 
Crack) Quite a few people screamed. 
A giant spider, six feet tall and covered in hair, was advancing on Ron, clicking its pincers menacingly. 
For a moment, Harry thought Ron had frozen. 
Then — “RiddikulusV’ bellowed Ron, and the spider’s legs vanished; it rolled over and over; Lavender Brown squealed and ran out of it way and it came to a halt at Harry’s feet. 
Crack). 
The legless spider had vanished. 
For a second, everyone looked wildly around to see where it was. 
Then everyone saw a silvery-white orb hanging in the air in front of Lupin, who said, “RiddikulusV’ almost lazily. 
Crack). 
Snape was back. 
This time Neville charged forward looking determined. 
“RiddikulusV’ he shouted, and they had a split second’s view of Snape in Snape's lacy dress before Neville let out a great “Ha!” of laughter, and the boggart exploded, burst into a thousand tiny wisps of smoke, and was gone. 
“Excellent!” cried Professor Lupin as the class broke into applause. 
“Excellent, Neville. 
“You and Hermione answered my questions correctly at the start of the class, Harry,” Lupin said lightly. 
“Very well, everyone, an excellent lesson. 
Harry, however, wasn’t feeling cheerful. 
Professor Lupin had deliberately stopped Harry from tackling the boggart. 
Why? 
Was it because he’d seen Harry collapse on the train, and thought he wasn’t up to much? 
Had he thought Harry would pass out again? 
But no one else seemed to have noticed anything. 
“Did you see me take that banshee?” shouted Seamus. 
“And the hand!” said Dean, waving Dean's own around. 
“And Snape in that hat!” “And my mummy!” “I wonder why Professor Lupin’s frightened of crystal balls?” said Lavender thoughtfully. 
“That was the best Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson we’ve ever had, wasn’t it?” said Ron excitedly as they made their way back to the classroom to get their bags. 
“He seems like a very good teacher,” said Hermione approvingly. 
“But I wish I could have had a turn with the boggart — ” “What would it have been for you?” said Ron, sniggering. 
“A piece of homework that only got nine out of ten?” In no time at all, Defense Against the Dark Arts had become most people’s favorite class. 
Only Draco Malfoy and his gang of Slytherins had anything bad to say about Professor Lupin. 
“Look at the state of his robes,” Malfoy would say in a loud whisper as Professor Lupin passed. 
“He dresses like our old house-elf.” But no one else cared that Professor Lupin’s robes were patched and frayed. 
He next few lessons were just as interesting as the first. 
After boggarts, they studied Red Caps, nasty little goblinlike creatures that lurked wherever there had been bloodshed: in the dungeons of castles and the potholes of deserted battlefields, waiting to bludgeon those who had gotten lost. 
From Red Caps those who had gotten moved on to kappas, creepy water-dwellers that looked like scaly monkeys, with webbed hands itching to strangle unwitting waders in their ponds. 
Harry only wished Harry was as happy with some of Harry's other classes. 
Worst of all was Potions. 
Snape was in a particularly vindictive mood these days, and no one was in any doubt why. 
The story of the boggart assuming Snape’s shape, and the way that Neville had dressed it in his grandmother’s clothes, had traveled through the school like wildfire. 
Snape didn’t seem to find it funny. 
Snape eyes flashed menacingly at the very mention of Professor Lupin’s name, and Snape was bullying Neville worse than ever. 
Harry was also growing to dread the hours Harry spent in Professor Trelawney’s stifling tower room, deciphering lopsided shapes and symbols, trying to ignore the way Professor Trelawney’s enormous eyes filled with tears every time she looked at Harry. 
Harry couldn’t like Professor Trelawney, even though Professor Trelawney was treated with respect bordering on reverence by many of the class. 
Parvati Patil and Lavender Brown had taken to haunting Professor Trelawney’s tower room at lunchtimes, and always returned with annoyingly superior looks on their faces, as though their knew things the others didn’t. 
their had also started using hushed voices whenever their spoke to Harry, as though Harry were on Harry's deathbed. 
Nobody really liked Care of Magical Creatures, which, after the action-packed first class, had become extremely dull. 
Hagrid seemed to have lost his confidence. 
They were now spending lesson after lesson learning how to look after flobberworms, which had to be some of the most boring creatures in existence. 
“Why would anyone bother looking after them?” said Ron, after yet another hour of poking shredded lettuce down the flobberworms’ slimy throats. 
At the start of October, however, Harry had something else to occupy Harry, something so enjoyable it more than made up for Harry's unsatisfactory classes. 
The Quidditch season was approaching, and Oliver Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor team, called a meeting one Thursday evening to discuss tactics for the new season. 
There were seven people on a Quidditch team: three Chasers, whose job it was to score goals by putting the Quaffle (a red, soccer-sized ball) through one of the fifty-foot-high hoops at each end of the field; two Beaters, who were equipped with heavy bats to repel the Bludgers (two heavy black balls that zoomed around trying to attack the players); a Keeper, who defended the goal posts, and the Seeker, who had the hardest job of all, that of catching the Golden Snitch, a tiny, winged, walnut-sized ball, whose capture ended the game and earned the Seeker’s team an extra one hundred and fifty points. 
Oliver Wood was a burly seventeen-year-old, now in Oliver Wood's seventh and final year at Hogwarts. 
There was a quiet sort of desperation in his voice as his addressed his six fellow team members in the chilly locker rooms on the edge of the darkening Quidditch field. 
“This is our last chance — my last chance — to win the Quidditch Cup,” he told them, striding up and down in front of them. 
“I’ll be leaving at the end of this year. 
“But we also know we’ve got the best — ruddy — team — in — the — school,” he said, punching a fist into his other hand, the old manic glint back in his eye. 
“We’ve got three superb Chasers.” Wood pointed at Alicia Spinnet, Angelina Johnson, and Katie Bell. 
“We’ve got two unbeatable Beaters.” “Stop it, Oliver, you’re embarrassing us,” said Fred and George Weasley together, pretending to blush. 
“And we’ve got a Seeker who has never failed to win us a match).” Wood rumbled, glaring at Harry with a kind of furious pride. 
“And me,” he added as an afterthought. 
“We think you’re very good too, Oliver,” said George. 
“Spanking good Keeper,” said Fred. 
“The point is,” Wood went on, resuming his pacing, “the Quidditch Cup should have had our name on it these last two years. 
“Oliver, this year’s our year,” said Fred. 
“Well do it, Oliver!” said Angelina. 
“Definitely,” said Harry. 
Full of determination, the team started training sessions, three evenings a week. 
The weather was getting colder and wetter, the nights darker, but no amount of mud, wind, or rain could tarnish Harry’s wonderful vision of finally winning the huge, silver Quidditch Cup. 
Harry returned to the Gryffindor common room one evening after training, cold and stiff but pleased with the way practice had gone, to find the Gryffindor common room buzzing excitedly. 
“What’s happened?” he asked Ron and Hermione, who were sitting in two of the best chairs by the fireside and completing some star charts for Astronomy. 
“First Hogsmeade weekend,” said Ron, pointing at a notice that had appeared on the battered old bulletin board. 
“End of October. 
“I need to visit Zonko’s. 
Hermione seemed to read his mind. 
“Harry, I’m sure you’ll be able to go next time,” she said. 
“They’re bound to catch Black soon. 
“Ask McGonagall if you can go this time, Harry. 
“Harry’s supposed to stay in school — ” “Harry can’t be the only third year left behind,” said Ron. 
“Ask McGonagall, go on, Harry — ” “Yeah, I think I will,” said Harry, making up Harry's mind. 
Hermione opened Hermione's mouth to argue, but at that moment Crookshanks leapt lightly onto Hermione's lap. 
A large, dead spider was dangling from his mouth. 
“Does he have to eat that in front of us?” said Ron, scowling. 
“Clever Crookshanks, did you catch that all by yourself?” said Hermione. 
Crookshanks slowly chewed up the spider, his yellow eyes fixed insolently on Ron. 
“Just keep him over there, that’s all,” said Ron irritably, turning back to him's star chart. 
“I’ve got Scabbers asleep in my bag.” Harry yawned. 
Harry really wanted to go to bed, but Harry still had Harry's own star chart to complete. 
Harry pulled Harry's bag toward Harry, took out parchment, ink, and quill, and started work. 
“You can copy mine, if you like,” said Ron, labeling his last star with a flourish and shoving the chart toward Harry. 
Hermione, who disapproved of copying, pursed her lips but didn’t say anything. 
Crookshanks was still staring unblinkingly at Ron, flicking the end of his bushy tail. 
Then, without warning, he pounced. 
“OY!” Ron roared, seizing his bag as Crookshanks sank four sets of claws deep inside it and began tearing ferociously. 
“GET OFF, YOU STUPID ANIMAL!” Ron tried to pull the bag away from Crookshanks, but Crookshanks clung on, spitting and slashing. 
“Ron, don’t hurt him!” squealed Hermione; the whole common room was watching; Ron whirled the bag around, Crookshanks still clinging to it, and Scabbers came flying out of the top — “CATCH THAT CAT!” Ron yelled as Crookshanks freed himself from the remnants of the bag, sprang over the table, and chased after the terrified Scabbers. 
George Weasley made a lunge for Crookshanks but missed; Scabbers streaked through twenty pairs of legs and shot beneath an old chest of drawers. 
Crookshanks skidded to a halt, crouched low on his bandy legs, and started making furious swipes beneath it with his front paw. 
Ron and Hermione hurried over; Hermione grabbed Crookshanks around the middle and heaved him away; Ron threw him onto his stomach and, with great difficulty, pulled Scabbers out by the tail. 
“Look at him!” he said furiously to Hermione, dangling Scabbers in front of her. 
“He’s skin and bone! 
“All cats chase rats, Ron!” “There’s something funny about that animal!” said Ron, who was trying to persuade a frantically wiggling Scabbers back into his pocket. 
“It heard me say that Scabbers was in my bag!” “Oh, what rubbish,” said Hermione impatiently. 
“Crookshanks could smell him, Ron, how else d’you think — ” “That cat’s got it in for Scabbers!” said Ron, ignoring the people around him, who were starting to giggle. 
“And Scabbers was here first, and he’s ill!” Ron marched through the common room and out of sight up the stairs to the boys’ dormitories. 
Ron was still in a bad mood with Hermione next day. 
He barely talked to her all through Herbology, even though he, Harry, and Hermione were working together on the same puffapod. 
“How’s Scabbers?” Hermione asked timidly as they stripped fat pink pods from the plants and emptied the shining beans into a wooden pail. 
“He’s hiding at the bottom of my bed, shaking,” said Ron angrily, missing the pail and scattering beans over the greenhouse floor. 
“Careful, Weasley, careful!” cried Professor Sprout as the beans burst into bloom before their very eyes. 
their had Transfiguration next. 
Harry, who had resolved to ask Professor McGonagall after the lesson whether he could go into Hogsmeade with the rest, joined the line outside the class trying to decide how he was going to argue his case. 
he was distracted, however, by a disturbance at the front of the line. 
Lavender Brown seemed to be crying. 
Parvati had Parvati's arm around Lavender Brown's and was explaining something to Seamus Finnigan and Dean Thomas, who were looking very serious. 
“What’s the matter, Lavender?” said Hermione anxiously as she, Harry, and Ron went to join the group. 
“She got a letter from home this morning,” Parvati whispered. 
“It’s her rabbit, Binky. 
“You know what day it is?” “Er — ” “The sixteenth of October! 
Seamus shook Seamus's head seriously. 
Hermione hesitated; then Hermione said, “You — you were dreading Binky being killed by a fox?” “Well, not necessarily by a fox,” said Lavender, looking up at Hermione with streaming eyes, “but I was obviously dreading him dying, wasn’t I?” “Oh,” said Hermione. 
Hermione paused again. 
Then — “Was Binky an old rabbit?” “N — no!” sobbed Lavender. 
“H — he was only a baby!” Parvati tightened Parvati's arm around Lavender’s shoulders. 
“But then, why would you dread him dying?” said Hermione. 
Parvati glared at Parvati. 
“Well, look at it logically,” said Hermione, turning to the rest of the group. 
“I mean, Binky didn’t even die today, did Binky? 
“ — and she can’t have been dreading it, because it’s come as a real shock — ” “Don’t mind Hermione, Lavender,” said Ron loudly, “she doesn’t think other people’s pets matter very much.” Professor McGonagall opened the classroom door at that moment, which was perhaps lucky; Hermione and Ron were looking daggers at each other, and when Hermione and Ron got into class, Hermione and Ron seated Hermione and Ron on either side of Harry and didn’t talk to each other for the whole class. 
Harry still hadn’t decided what Harry was going to say to Professor McGonagall when the bell rang at the end of the lesson, but it was she who brought up the subject of Hogsmeade first. 
“One moment, please!” she called as the class made to leave. 
“As you’re all in my House, you should hand Hogsmeade permission forms to me before Halloween. 
“Please, Professor, I — I think I’ve lost — ” “Your grandmother sent yours to me directly, Longbottom,” said Professor McGonagall. 
“She seemed to think it was safer. 
“Oh, but — ” Hermione began. 
“Go for it, Harry,” said Ron stubbornly. 
Harry waited for the rest of the class to disappear, then headed nervously for Professor McGonagall’s desk. 
“Yes, Potter?” Harry took a deep breath. 
“Professor, my aunt and uncle — er — forgot to sign my form,” Harry said. 
Professor McGonagall looked over Professor McGonagall's square spectacles at Professor McGonagall but didn’t say anything. 
“So — er — d’you think it would be all right — I mean, will it be okay if I — if I go to Hogsmeade?” Professor McGonagall looked down and began shuffling papers on Professor McGonagall's desk. 
“I’m afraid not, Potter,” she said. 
“You heard what I said. 
“If you said I could go — ” “But I don’t say so,” said Professor McGonagall, standing up and piling Professor McGonagall's papers neatly into a drawer. 
“The form clearly states that the parent or guardian must give permission.” She turned to look at him, with an odd expression on Shis face. 
Was it pity? 
“I’m sorry, Potter, but that’s my final word. 
Ron called Professor McGonagall a lot of names that greatly annoyed Hermione; Hermione assumed an “all-for-the-best” expression that made Ron even angrier, and Harry had to endure everyone in the class talking loudly and happily about what they were going to do first, once they got into Hogsmeade. 
“There’s always the feast,” said Ron, in an effort to cheer Harry up. 
“You know, the Halloween feast, in the evening.” “Yeah,” said Harry gloomily, “great.” The Halloween feast was always good, but The Halloween feast would taste a lot better if he was coming to it after a day in Hogsmeade with everyone else. 
Nothing anyone said made he feel any better about being left behind. 
Dean Thomas, who was good with a quill, had offered to forge Uncle Vernon’s signature on the form, but as Harry had already told Professor McGonagall he hadn’t had it signed, that was no good. 
Ron halfheartedly suggested the Invisibility Cloak, but Hermione stamped on that one, reminding Ron what Dumbledore had told them about the dementors being able to see through them. 
Percy had what were possibly the least helpful words of comfort. 
“They make a fuss about Hogsmeade, but I assure you, Harry, it’s not all it’s cracked up to be,” he said seriously. 
“All right, the sweetshop’s rather good, and Zonko’s Joke Shop’s frankly dangerous, and yes, the Shrieking Shack’s always worth a visit, but really, Harry, apart from that, you’re not missing anything.” On Halloween morning, Harry awoke with the rest and went down to breakfast, feeling thoroughly depressed, though doing Harry's best to act normally. 
“Well bring you lots of sweets back from Honeydukes,” said Hermione, looking desperately sorry for him. 
“Yeah, loads,” said Ron. 
He and Hermione had finally forgotten He and Hermione's squabble about Crookshanks in the face of Harry’s difficulties. 
“Don’t worry about me,” said Harry, in what Harry hoped was an offhand voice, “I’ll see you at the feast. 
“Staying here, Potter?” shouted Malfoy, who was standing in line with Crabbe and Goyle. 
“Scared of passing the dementors?” Harry ignored Harry and made Harry's solitary way up the marble staircase, through the deserted corridors, and back to Gryffindor Tower. 
“Password?” said the Fat Lady, jerking out of a doze. 
“Fortuna Major,” said Harry listlessly. 
The portrait swung open and The portrait climbed through the hole into the common room. 
It was full of chattering first and second years, and a few older students, who had obviously visited Hogsmeade so often the novelty had worn off. 
“Harry! 
“Aren’t you going to Hogsmeade, Harry? 
“I — I’ve got to go to the library, got to get some work done.” After that, he had no choice but to turn right around and head back out of the portrait hole again. 
“What was the point waking me up?” the Fat Lady called grumpily after him as him walked away. 
Harry wandered dispiritedly toward the library, but halfway there Harry changed Harry's mind; Harry didn’t feel like working. 
Harry turned around and came face-to-face with Filch, who had obviously just seen off the last of the Hogsmeade visitors. 
“What are you doing?” Filch snarled suspiciously. 
“Nothing,” said Harry truthfully. 
“Nothing!” spat Filch, his jowls quivering unpleasantly. 
“A likely story! 
“Well, get back to your common room where you belong!” snapped Filch, and he stood glaring until Harry had passed out of sight. 
But Harry didn’t go back to the common room; Harry climbed a staircase, thinking vaguely of visiting the Owlery to see Hedwig, and was walking along another corridor when a voice from inside one of the rooms said, “Harry?” Harry doubled back to see who had spoken and met Professor Lupin, looking around Harry's office door. 
“What are you doing?” said Lupin, though in a very different voice from Filch. 
“Where are Ron and Hermione?” “Hogsmeade,” said Harry, in a would-be casual voice. 
“Ah,” said Lupin. 
He considered Harry for a moment. 
“Why don’t you come in? 
He followed Lupin into He's office. 
In the corner stood a very large tank of water. 
A sickly green creature with sharp little horns had A sickly green creature with sharp little horns face pressed against the glass, pulling faces and flexing the glass long, spindly fingers. 
“Water demon,” said Lupin, surveying the grindylow thoughtfully. 
“We shouldn’t have much difficulty with him, not after the kappas. 
“Cup of tea?” Lupin said, looking around for his kettle. 
“I was just thinking of making one.” “All right,” said Harry awkwardly. 
Lupin tapped the kettle with his wand and a blast of steam issued suddenly from the spout. 
“Sit down,” said Lupin, taking the lid off a dusty tin. 
“I’ve only got teabags, I’m afraid — but I daresay you’ve had enough of tea leaves?” Harry looked at Harry. 
Lupin’s eyes were twinkling. 
“How did you know about that?” Harry asked. 
“Professor McGonagall told me,” said Lupin, passing Harry a chipped mug of tea. 
“You’re not worried, are you?” “No,” said Harry. 
Harry thought for a moment of telling Lupin about the dog He’d seen in Magnolia Crescent but decided not to. 
Harry didn’t want Lupin to think Harry was a coward, especially since Lupin already seemed to think Harry couldn’t cope with a boggart. 
Something of Harry’s thoughts seemed to have shown on Harry's face, because Lupin said, “Anything worrying you, Harry?” “No,” Harry lied. 
Harry drank a bit of tea and watched the grindylow brandishing a fist at Harry. 
“Yes,” Harry said suddenly, putting Harry's tea down on Lupin’s desk. 
“You know that day we fought the boggart? 
“Why didn’t you let me fight it?” said Harry abruptly. 
Lupin raised Lupin's eyebrows. 
“I would have thought that was obvious, Harry,” he said, sounding surprised. 
Harry, who had expected Lupin to deny that he’d done any such thing, was taken aback. 
“Why?” he said again. 
“Well,” said Lupin, frowning slightly, “I assumed that if the boggart faced you, it would assume the shape of Lord Voldemort.” Harry stared. 
Not only was this the last answer he’d expected, but Lupin had said Voldemort ’s name. 
The only person Harry had ever heard say the name aloud (apart from Harry) was Professor Dumbledore. 
“Clearly, I was wrong,” said Lupin, still frowning at Harry. 
“But I didn’t think it a good idea for Lord Voldemort to materialize in the staffroom. 
“I — I remembered those dementors.” “I see,” said Lupin thoughtfully. 
“Well, well I’m impressed.” He smiled slightly at the look of surprise on Harry’s face. 
“That suggests that what you fear most of all is — fear. 
“So you’ve been thinking that I didn’t believe you capable of fighting the boggart?” said Lupin shrewdly. 
“Well yeah,” said Harry. 
He was suddenly feeling a lot happier. 
“Professor Lupin, you know the dementors — ” He was interrupted by a knock on the door. 
“Come in,” called Lupin. 
The door opened, and in came Snape. 
Snape was carrying a goblet, which was smoking faintly, and stopped at the sight of Harry, Snape's black eyes narrowing. 
“Ah, Severus,” said Lupin, smiling. 
“Thanks very much. 
“I was just showing Harry my grindylow,” said Lupin pleasantly, pointing at the tank. 
“Fascinating,” said Snape, without looking at it. 
“You should drink that directly, Lupin.” “Yes, yes, I will,” said Lupin. 
“I made an entire cauldronful,” Snape continued. 
“If you need more.” “I should probably take some again tomorrow. 
He backed out of the room, unsmiling and watchful. 
Harry looked curiously at the goblet. 
Lupin smiled. 
“Professor Snape has very kindly concocted a potion for me,” me said. 
“I have never been much of a potion- brewer and this one is particularly complex.” He picked up the goblet and sniffed the goblet. 
“Pity sugar makes it useless,” he added, taking a sip and shuddering. 
“Why — ?” Harry began. 
Lupin looked at Harry and answered the unfinished question. 
“I’ve been feeling a bit off-color,” he said. 
“This potion is the only thing that helps. 
“Professor Snape’s very interested in the Dark Arts,” he blurted out. 
“Really?” said Lupin, looking only mildly interested as he took another gulp of potion. 
“Some people reckon — ” Harry hesitated, then plunged recklessly on, “some people reckon he’d do anything to get the Defense Against the Dark Arts job.” Lupin drained the goblet and pulled a face. 
“Disgusting,” he said. 
“Well, Harry, I’d better get back to work. 
The empty goblet was still smoking. 
“There you go,” said Ron. 
“We got as much as We could carry.” A shower of brilliantly colored sweets fell into Harry’s lap. 
It was dusk, and Ron and Hermione had just turned up in the common room, pink-faced from the cold wind and looking as though they’d had the time of their lives. 
“Thanks,” said Harry, picking up a packet of tiny black Pepper Imps. 
“What’s Hogsmeade like? 
Dervish and Banges, the wizarding equipment shop, Zonko’s Joke Shop, into the Three Broomsticks for foaming mugs of hot butterbeer, and many places besides. 
“The post office, Harry! 
“Did you get any work done?” “No,” said Harry. 
“Lupin made me a cup of tea in his office. 
Ron’s mouth fell open. 
“ Lupin drank it?” he gasped. 
“Is he mad?” Hermione checked her watch. 
“We’d better go down, you know, the feast’ll be starting in five minutes. 
“But if he — you know” — Hermione dropped — Hermione's voice, glancing nervously around — “if he was trying to — to poison Lupin — he wouldn’t have done it in front of Harry.” “Yeah, maybe,” said Harry as they reached the entrance hall and crossed into the Great Hall. 
It had been decorated with hundreds and hundreds of candle-filled pumpkins, a cloud of fluttering live bats, and many flaming orange streamers, which were swimming lazily across the stormy ceiling like brilliant watersnakes. 
The food was delicious; even Hermione and Ron, who were full to bursting with Honeydukes sweets, managed second helpings of everything. 
Harry kept glancing at the staff table. 
Professor Lupin looked cheerful and as well as Professor Lupin ever did; Professor Lupin was talking animatedly to tiny little Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher. 
Harry moved Harry's eyes along the table, to the place where Snape sat. 
Was Snape imagining it, or were Snape ’s eyes flickering toward Lupin more often than was natural? 
The feast finished with an entertainment provided by the Hogwarts ghosts. 
They popped out of the walls and tables to do a bit of formation gliding; Nearly Headless Nick, the Gryffindor ghost, had a great success with a reenactment of his own botched beheading. 
It had been such a pleasant evening that Harry’s good mood couldn’t even be spoiled by Malfoy, who shouted through the crowd as they all left the hall, “The dementors send their love, Potter!” Harry, Ron, and Hermione followed the rest of the Gryffindors along the usual path to Gryffindor Tower, but when they reached the corridor that ended with the portrait of the Fat Lady, they found it jammed with students. 
“Why isn’t anyone going in?” said Ron curiously. 
Harry peered over the heads in front of Harry. 
The portrait seemed to be closed. 
“Let me through, please,” came Percy’s voice, and Percy’s came bustling importantly through the crowd. 
“What’s the holdup here? 
They heard Percy say, in a suddenly sharp voice, “Somebody get Professor Dumbledore. 
“What’s going on?” said Ginny, who had just arrived. 
A moment later, Professor Dumbledore was there, sweeping toward the portrait; the Gryffindors squeezed together to let Professor Dumbledore through, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione moved closer to see what the trouble was. 
“Oh, my — ” Hermione grabbed Harry’s arm. 
The Fat Lady had vanished from The Fat Lady's portrait, which had been slashed so viciously that strips of canvas littered the floor; great chunks of it had been torn away completely. 
Dumbledore took one quick look at the ruined painting and turned, Dumbledore's eyes somber, to see Professors McGonagall, Lupin, and Snape hurrying toward Dumbledore. 
“We need to find her,” said Dumbledore. 
“Professor McGonagall, please go to Mister Filch at once and tell him to search every painting in the castle for the Fat Lady.” “You’ll be lucky!” said a cackling voice. 
It was Peeves the Poltergeist, bobbing over the crowd and looking delighted, as he always did, at the sight of wreckage or worry. 
“What do you mean, Peeves?” said Dumbledore calmly, and Peeves’s grin faded a little. 
Dumbledore didn’t dare taunt Dumbledore. 
Instead Dumbledore adopted an oily voice that was no better than Dumbledore's cackle. 
“Ashamed, Your Headship, sir. 
“Poor thing,” he added unconvincingly. 
“Did she say who did it?” said Dumbledore quietly. 
“Oh yes, Professorhead,” said Peeves, with the air of one cradling a large bombshell in his arms. 
“He got very angry when she wouldn’t let He in, you see.” Peeves flipped over and grinned at Dumbledore from between Peeves's own legs. 
“Nasty temper he’s got, that Sirius Black.” Dumbledore sent all the Gryffindors back to the Great Hall, where they were joined ten minutes later by the students from Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin, who all looked extremely confused. 
“The teachers and I need to conduct a thorough search of the castle,” Professor Dumbledore told The teachers and I as Professors McGonagall and Flitwick closed all doors into the hall. 
“I’m afraid that, for your own safety, you will have to spend the night here. 
“Send word with one of the ghosts.” Professor Dumbledore paused, about to leave the hall, and said, “Oh, yes, you’ll be needing ” One casual wave of Professor Dumbledore's wand and the long tables flew to the edges of the hall and stood themselves against the walls; another wave, and the floor was covered with hundreds of squashy purple sleeping bags. 
“Sleep well,” said Professor Dumbledore, closing the door behind Professor Dumbledore. 
The hall immediately began to buzz excitedly; the Gryffindors were telling the rest of the school what had just happened. 
“Everyone into their sleeping bags!” shouted Percy. 
“Come on, now, no more talking! 
“Do you think Black’s still in the castle?” Hermione whispered anxiously. 
“Dumbledore obviously thinks he might be,” said Ron. 
“It’s very lucky he picked tonight, you know,” said Hermione as they climbed fully dressed into their sleeping bags and propped themselves on themselves's elbows to talk. 
“The one night we weren’t in the tower. 
“Didn’t realize it was Halloween. 
All around them, people were asking one another the same question: “How did he get in?” “Maybe he knows how to Apparate,” said a Ravenclaw a few feet away. 
“Just appear out of thin air, you know.” “Disguised himself, probably,” said a Hufflepuff fifth year. 
“He could’ve flown in,” suggested Dean Thomas. 
“Honestly, am I the only person who’s ever bothered to read Hogwarts, A History?” said Hermione crossly to Harry and Ron. 
“Probably,” said Ron. 
“Why?” “Because the castle’s protected by more than walls, you know,” said Hermione. 
“There are all sorts of enchantments on it, to stop people entering by stealth. 
“I want everyone in their sleeping bags and no more talking!” The candles all went out at once. 
The only light now came from the silvery ghosts, who were drifting about talking seriously to the prefects, and the enchanted ceiling, which, like the sky outside, was scattered with stars. 
What with that, and the whispering that still filled the hall, Harry felt as though Harry were sleeping outdoors in a light wind. 
Once every hour, a teacher would reappear in the hall to check that everything was quiet. 
Around three in the morning, when many students had finally fallen asleep, Professor Dumbledore came in. 
Harry watched Harry looking around for Percy, who had been prowling between the sleeping bags, telling people off for talking. 
Percy was only a short way away from Harry, Ron, and Hermione, who quickly pretended to be asleep as Dumbledore’s footsteps drew nearer. 
“Any sign of him, Professor?” asked Percy in a whisper. 
“No. 
“Headmaster?” It was Snape. 
Harry kept quite still, listening hard. 
“The whole of the third floor has been searched. 
Harry raised Harry's head very slightly off Harry's arms to free his other ear. 
“Many, Severus, each of them as unlikely as the next.” Harry opened Harry's eyes a fraction and squinted up to where they stood; Dumbledore ’s back was to Dumbledore, but Dumbledore could see Percy’s face, rapt with attention, and Snape ’s profile, which looked angry. 
“You remember the conversation we had, Headmaster, just before — ah — the start of term?” said Snape, who was barely opening his lips, as though trying to block Percy out of the conversation. 
“I do, Severus,” said Dumbledore, and there was something like warning in his voice. 
“It seems — almost impossible — that Black could have entered the school without inside help. 
“I must go down to the dementors,” said Dumbledore. 
“I said I would inform them when our search was complete.” “Didn’t them want to help, sir?” said Percy. 
“Oh yes,” said Dumbledore coldly. 
“But I’m afraid no dementor will cross the threshold of this castle while I am headmaster.” Percy looked slightly abashed. 
Dumbledore left the hall, walking quickly and quietly. 
Snape stood for a moment, watching the headmaster with an expression of deep resentment on Snape's face; then Snape too left. 
Harry glanced sideways at Ron and Hermione. 
Both of them had Both of Both of Both of them's eyes open too, reflecting the starry ceiling. 
“What was all that about?” Ron mouthed. 
The school talked of nothing but Sirius Black for the next few days. 
The theories about how he had entered the castle became wilder and wilder; Hannah Abbott, from Hufflepuff, spent much of their next Herbology class telling anyone who’d listen that Black could turn into a flowering shrub. 
The Fat Lady’s ripped canvas had been taken off the wall and replaced with the portrait of Sir Cadogan and Sir Cadogan's fat gray pony. 
Nobody was very happy about this. 
Sir Cadogan spent half Sir Cadogan's time challenging people to duels, and the rest thinking up ridiculously complicated passwords, which Sir Cadogan changed at least twice a day. 
“Sir Cadogan’s a complete lunatic,” said Seamus Finnigan angrily to Percy. 
“Can’t we get anyone else?” “None of the other pictures wanted the job,” said Percy. 
“Frightened of what happened to the Fat Lady. 
He was now being closely watched. 
Teachers found excuses to walk along corridors with He, and Percy Weasley (acting, Harry suspected, on his mother’s orders) was tailing him everywhere like an extremely pompous guard dog. 
To cap it all, Professor McGonagall summoned Harry into her office, with such a somber expression on her face Harry thought someone must have died. 
“There’s no point hiding it from you any longer, Potter,” she said in a very serious voice. 
“I know this will come as a shock to you, but Sirius Black — ” “I know he’s after me,” said Harry wearily. 
“I heard Ron’s dad telling his mum. 
She stared at Harry for a moment or two, then said, “I see! 
“I’ve got to train, Professor!” Professor McGonagall considered him intently. 
Harry knew she was deeply interested in the Gryffindor team’s prospects; it had been she, after all, who’d suggested Harry as Seeker in the first place. 
Harry waited, holding Harry's breath. 
“Hmm ” Professor McGonagall stood up and stared out of the window at the Quidditch field, just visible through the rain. 
“Well goodness knows, I’d like to see us win the Cup at last but all the same, Potter I’d be happier if a teacher were present. 
Undaunted, the Gryffindor team was training harder than ever under the eye of Madam Hooch. 
Then, at their final training session before Saturday’s match, Oliver Wood gave Oliver Wood's team some unwelcome news. 
“We’re not playing Slytherin!” he told them, looking very angry. 
“Flint’s just been to see me. 
“Flint’s excuse is that their Seeker’s arm’s still injured,” said Wood, grinding his teeth furiously. 
“But it’s obvious why they’re doing it. 
“There’s nothing wrong with Malfoy’s arm!” said Harry furiously. 
“Harry’s faking it!” “I know that, but we can’t prove it,” said Wood bitterly. 
“And we’ve been practicing all those moves assuming we’re playing Slytherin, and instead it’s Hufflepuff, and their style’s quite different. 
“What?” said Wood, frowning at this lighthearted behavior. 
“He’s that tall, good-looking one, isn’t he?” said Angelina. 
“Strong and silent,” said Katie, and they started to giggle again. 
“He’s only silent because He’s too thick to string two words together,” said Fred impatiently. 
“I don’t know why you’re worried, Oliver, Hufflepuff is a pushover. 
“Diggory’s put a very strong side together! 
“We’re taking Hufflepuff very seriously. 
It was so dark inside the corridors and classrooms that extra torches and lanterns were lit. 
The Slytherin team was looking very smug indeed, and none more so than Malfoy. 
“Ah, if only my arm was feeling a bit better!” better! 
Harry had no room in Harry's head to worry about anything except the match tomorrow. 
Oliver Wood kept hurrying up to him between classes and giving him tips. 
The third time this happened, Oliver Wood talked for so long that Harry suddenly realized Harry was ten minutes late for Defense Against the Dark Arts, and set off at a run with Wood shouting after him, “Diggory’s got a very fast swerve, Harry, so you might want to try looping him — ” Harry skidded to a halt outside the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom, pulled the door open, and dashed inside. 
“Sorry I’m late, Professor Lupin, I — ” But it wasn’t Professor Lupin who looked up at him from the teacher’s desk; it was Snape. 
“This lesson began ten minutes ago, Potter, so I think we’ll make it ten points from Gryffindor. 
“Where’s Professor Lupin?” Where’s Professor Lupin? 
“He says He is feeling too ill to teach today,” said Snape with a twisted smile. 
“I believe I told you to sit down?” But Harry stayed where Harry was. 
“What’s wrong with him?” Snape ’s black eyes glittered. 
“Nothing life-threatening,” he said, looking as though he wished it were. 
“Five more points from Gryffindor, and if I have to ask you to sit down again, it will be fifty.” Harry walked slowly to Harry's seat and sat down. 
Snape looked around at the class. 
“As I was saying before Potter interrupted, Professor Lupin has not left any record of the topics you have covered so far — ” “Please, sir, we’ve done boggarts, Red Caps, kappas, and grindylows,” said Hermione quickly, “and we’re just about to start — ” “Be quiet,” said Snape coldly. 
“I did not ask for information. 
Snape looked more menacing than ever. 
“You are easily satisfied. 
“ — werewolves,” said Snape. 
“But, sir,” said Hermione, seemingly unable to restrain Hermione, “we’re not supposed to do werewolves yet, we’re due to start hinkypunks — ” “Miss Granger,” said Snape in a voice of deadly calm, “I was under the impression that I am teaching this lesson, not you. 
“All of you! 
“Which of you can tell me how we distinguish between the werewolf and the true wolf?” said Snape. 
Everyone sat in motionless silence; everyone except Hermione, whose hand, as it so often did, had shot straight into the air. 
“Anyone?” Snape said, ignoring Hermione. 
Snape twisted smile was back. 
“Are you telling me that Professor Lupin hasn’t even taught you the basic distinction between — ” “We told you,” said Parvati suddenly, “We haven’t got as far as werewolves yet, We’re still on — ” “Silencel” snarled Snape. 
“Well, well, well, I never thought I’d meet a third -year class who wouldn’t even recognize a werewolf when they saw one. 
“Five more points from Gryffindor for being an insufferable know-it-all.” Hermione went very red, put down Hermione's hand, and stared at the floor with Hermione's eyes full of tears. 
It was a mark of how much the class loathed Snape that they were all glaring at him, because every one of they had called Hermione a know-it-all at least once, and Ron, who told Hermione she was a know-it-all at least twice a week, said loudly, “You asked us a question and she knows the answer! 
Snape advanced on Ron slowly, and the room held its breath. 
“Detention, Weasley,” Snape said silkily, his face very close to Ron’s. 
“And if I ever hear you criticize the way I teach a class again, you will be very sorry indeed.” No one made a sound throughout the rest of the lesson. 
They sat and made notes on werewolves from the textbook, while Snape prowled up and down the rows of desks, examining the work They had been doing with Professor Lupin. 
“Very poorly explained That is incorrect, the kappa is more commonly found in Mongolia . 
“You will each write an essay, to be handed in to me, on the ways you recognize and kill werewolves. 
“Snape ’s never been like this with any of our other Defense Against the Dark Arts teachers, even if he did want the job,” Harry said to Hermione. 
“Why’s he got it in for Lupin? 
“But I really hope Lupin gets better soon. 
“D’you know what that — ” (he called Snape something that made Hermione say “Ron\”) “ — is making me do? 
“Why couldn’t Black have hidden in Snape’s office, eh? 
For a moment he thought the roaring of the wind had woken he. 
Then he felt a cold breeze on the back of his neck and sat bolt upright — Peeves the Poltergeist had been floating next to he, blowing hard in his ear. 
“What did you do that for?” said Harry furiously. 
Peeves puffed out his cheeks, blew hard, and zoomed backward out of the room, cackling. 
Harry fumbled for Harry's alarm clock and looked at his alarm clock. 
It was half past four. 
Cursing Peeves, he rolled over and tried to get back to sleep, but it was very difficult, now that he was awake, to ignore the sounds of the thunder rumbling overhead, the pounding of the wind against the castle walls, and the distant creaking of the trees in the Forbidden Forest. 
In a few hours he would be out on the Quidditch field, battling through that gale. 
Finally, he gave up any thought of more sleep, got up, dressed, picked up his Nimbus Two Thousand, and walked quietly out of the dormitory. 
As Harry opened the door, something brushed against his leg. 
his bent down just in time to grab Crookshanks by the end of his bushy tail and drag his outside. 
“You know, I reckon Ron was right about you,” Harry told Crookshanks suspiciously. 
“There are plenty of mice around this place — go and chase them. 
“Leave Scabbers alone.” The noise of the storm was even louder in the common room. 
Harry knew better than to think the match would be canceled; Quidditch matches weren’t called off for trifles like thunderstorms. 
Nevertheless, Harry was starting to feel very apprehensive. 
Wood had pointed out Cedric Diggory to Cedric Diggory in the corridor; Diggory was a fifth year and a lot bigger than Harry. 
Seekers were usually light and speedy, but Diggory’s weight would be an advantage in this weather because Diggory was less likely to be blown off course. 
Harry whiled away the hours until dawn in front of the fire, getting up every now and then to stop Crookshanks from sneaking up the boys’ staircase again. 
At long last Harry thought it must be time for breakfast, so Harry headed through the portrait hole alone. 
“Stand and fight, you mangy cur!” yelled Sir Cadogan. 
“Oh, shut up,” Harry yawned. 
Harry revived a bit over a large bowl of porridge, and by the time He’d started on toast, the rest of the team had turned up. 
“It’s going to be a tough one,” said Wood, who wasn’t eating anything. 
“Stop worrying, Oliver,” said Alicia soothingly, “we don’t mind a bit of rain.” But it was considerably more than a bit of rain. 
Such was the popularity of Quidditch that the whole school turned out to watch the match as usual, but they ran down the lawns toward the Quidditch field, heads bowed against the ferocious wind, umbrellas being whipped out of heads's hands as heads went. 
Just before he entered the locker room, Harry saw Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, laughing and pointing at Harry from under an enormous umbrella on their way to the stadium. 
The team changed into The team's scarlet robes and waited for Wood’s usual pre-match pep talk, but it didn’t come. 
He tried to speak several times, made an odd gulping noise, then shook He's head hopelessly and beckoned them to follow He. 
The wind was so strong that they staggered sideways as they walked out onto the field. 
If the crowd was cheering, the crowd couldn’t hear it over the fresh rolls of thunder. 
Rain was splattering over Harry’s glasses. 
How on earth was Harry going to see the Snitch in this? 
The Hufflepuffs were approaching from the opposite side of the field, wearing canary -yellow robes. 
The Captains walked up to each other and shook hands; Diggory smiled at Wood but Wood now looked as though he had lockjaw and merely nodded. 
Harry saw Madam Hooch’s mouth form the words, “Mount your brooms.” Mount your brooms. 
Madam Hooch put Madam Hooch's whistle to Madam Hooch's lips and gave it a blast that sounded shrill and distant — they were off. 
Harry rose fast, but Harry's Nimbus was swerving slightly with the wind. 
He held it as steady as He could and turned, squinting into the rain. 
Within five minutes Harry was soaked to Harry's skin and frozen, hardly able to see Harry's teammates, let alone the tiny Snitch. 
Harry flew backward and forward across the field past blurred red and yellow shapes, with no idea of what was happening in the rest of the game. 
Harry couldn’t hear the commentary over the wind. 
The crowd was hidden beneath a sea of cloaks and battered umbrellas. 
Twice Harry came very close to being unseated by a Bludger; Twice Harry's vision was so clouded by the rain on his glasses his hadn’t seen them coming. 
his lost track of time. 
It was getting harder and harder to hold his broom straight. 
The sky was getting darker, as though night had decided to come early. 
Twice Harry nearly hit another player, without knowing whether it was a teammate or opponent; everyone was now so wet, and the rain so thick, Harry could hardly tell them apart. 
With the first flash of lightning came the sound of Madam Hooch’s whistle; Harry could just see the outline of Wood through the thick rain, gesturing Harry to the ground. 
The whole team splashed down into the mud. 
“I called for time-out!” Wood roared at his team. 
“Come on, under here — ” They huddled at the edge of the field under a large umbrella; Harry took off Harry's glasses and wiped They hurriedly on Harry's robes. 
“What’s the score?” “We’re fifty points up,” said Wood, “but unless we get the Snitch soon, we’ll be playing into the night.” “I’ve got no chance with these on,” Harry said exasperatedly, waving his glasses. 
At that very moment, Hermione appeared at his shoulder; Hermione was holding Hermione's cloak over Hermione's head and was, inexplicably, beaming. 
“I’ve had an idea, Harry! 
“They’ll repel water!” Wood looked as though he could have kissed her. 
“Brilliant!” he called hoarsely after her as her disappeared into the crowd. 
“Okay, team, let’s go for it!” Hermione ’s spell had done the trick. 
Harry was still numb with cold, still wetter than he’d ever been in Harry's life, but Harry could see. 
Full of fresh determination, Harry urged Harry's broom through the turbulent air, staring in every direction for the Snitch, avoiding a Bludger, ducking beneath Diggory, who was streaking in the opposite direction. 
There was another clap of thunder, followed immediately by forked lightning. 
This was getting more and more dangerous. 
Harry needed to get the Snitch quickly — Harry turned, intending to head back toward the middle of the field, but at that moment, another flash of lightning illuminated the stands, and Harry saw something that distracted Harry completely — the silhouette of an enormous shaggy black dog, clearly imprinted against the sky, motionless in the topmost, empty row of seats. 
Harry’s numb hands slipped on the broom handle and Harry's Nimbus dropped a few feet. 
Shaking his sodden bangs out of his eyes, his squinted back into the stands. 
The dog had vanished. 
“Harry!” came Wood’s anguished yell from the Gryffindor goal posts. 
“Harry, behind you!” Harry looked wildly around. 
Cedric Diggory was pelting up the field, and a tiny speck of gold was shimmering in the rain-filled air between them — With a jolt of panic, Harry threw Harry flat to the broom-handle and zoomed toward the Snitch. 
“Come on!” Harry growled at his Nimbus as the rain whipped his face. 
“Fasteri” But something odd was happening. 
An eerie silence was falling across the stadium. 
The wind, though as strong as ever, was forgetting to roar. 
It was as though someone had turned off the sound, as though Harry had gone suddenly deaf — what was going on? 
And then a horribly familiar wave of cold swept over him, inside him, just as him became aware of something moving on the field below . 
Before he’d had time to think, Harry had taken Harry's eyes off the Snitch and looked down. 
At least a hundred dementors, their hidden faces pointing up at Harry, were standing beneath Harry. 
It was as though freezing water were rising in his chest, cutting at his insides. 
And then his heard it again. 
Someone was screaming, screaming inside Someone's head a woman “Not Harry, not Harry, please not Harry\” “ Stand aside, you silly girl stand aside, now. 
What was he doing? 
Why was he flying? 
he needed to help her. 
her was going to die. 
her was going to be murdered. 
He was falling, falling through the icy mist. 
“Not Harry\ Please have mercy have mercy. 
“Lucky the ground was so soft.” “I thought he was dead for sure.” “But he didn’t even break his glasses.” Harry could hear the voices whispering, but the voices made no sense whatsoever. 
Harry didn’t have a clue where Harry was, or how He’d got there, or what He’d been doing before Harry got there. 
All Harry knew was that every inch of Harry was aching as though it had been beaten. 
“That was the scariest thing I’ve ever seen in my life.” Scariest the scariest thing hooded black figures cold screaming Harry’s eyes snapped open. 
Harry was lying in the hospital wing. 
The Gryffindor Quidditch team, spattered with mud from head to foot, was gathered around Harry's bed. 
Ron and Hermione were also there, looking as though they’d just climbed out of a swimming pool. 
“Harry!” said Fred, who looked extremely white underneath the mud. 
“How’re you feeling?” It was as though Harry’s memory was on fast forward. 
The lightning — the Grim — the Snitch — and the dementors “What happened?” Harry said, sitting up so suddenly they all gasped. 
“You fell off,” said Fred. 
“Must’ve been — what — fifty feet?” “We thought you’d died,” said Alicia, who was shaking. 
Hermione made a small, squeaky noise. 
Hermione eyes were extremely bloodshot. 
“But the match,” said Harry. 
“What happened? 
The horrible truth sank into Harry like a stone. 
“We didn’t — lose?” “Diggory got the Snitch,” said George. 
“Just after you fell. 
“Still in the showers,” said Fred. 
“We think he’s trying to drown he.” Harry put Harry's face to Harry's knees, his hands gripping his hair. 
Fred grabbed Fred's shoulder and shook ] shoulder roughly. 
“C’mon, Harry, you’ve never missed the Snitch before.” “There had to be one time you didn’t get it,” said George. 
“It’s not over yet,” said Fred. 
“We lost by a hundred points, right? 
“But if they beat Ravenclaw ” “No way, Ravenclaw is too good. 
They had lost for the first time ever, Ravenclaw had lost a Quidditch match. 
After ten minutes or so, Madam Pomfrey came over to tell the team to leave Madam Pomfrey in peace. 
“Well come and see you later,” Fred told him. 
“Don’t beat yourself up, Harry, you’re still the best Seeker we’ve ever had.” The team trooped out, trailing mud behind them. 
Madam Pomfrey shut the door behind them, looking disapproving. 
Ron and Hermione moved nearer to Harry’s bed. 
“Dumbledore was really angry,” Hermione said in a quaking voice. 
“I’ve never seen Dumbledore like that before. 
“And walked up to school with you floating on it. 
He was thinking about what the dementors had done to He about the screaming voice. 
He looked up and saw Ron and Hermione looking at him so anxiously that he quickly cast around for something matter-of-fact to say. 
“Did someone get my Nimbus?” Ron and Hermione looked quickly at each other. 
“Er — ” “What?” said Harry, looking from one to the other. 
“Well when you fell off, it got blown away,” said Hermione hesitantly. 
“And?” “And it hit — it hit — oh, Harry — it hit the Whomping Willow.” Harry’s insides lurched. 
the Whomping Willow was a very violent tree that stood alone in the middle of the grounds. 
“And?” And? 
“Well, you know the Whomping Willow,” said Ron. 
“It — It doesn’t like being hit.” “Professor Flitwick brought it back just before you came around,” said Hermione in a very small voice. 
Slowly, Hermione reached down for a bag at Hermione's feet, turned it upside down, and tipped a dozen bits of splintered wood and twig onto the bed, the only remains of Harry’s faithful, finally beaten broomstick. 
Madam Pomfrey insisted on keeping Harry in the hospital wing for the rest of the weekend. 
Madam Pomfrey didn’t argue or complain, but Madam Pomfrey wouldn’t let Madam Pomfrey's throw away the shattered remnants of Madam Pomfrey's Nimbus Two Thousand. 
He knew He was being stupid, knew that the Nimbus was beyond repair, but Harry couldn’t help the Nimbus was beyond repair; Harry felt as though Harry’d lost one of Harry's best friends. 
Harry had a stream of visitors, all intent on cheering him up. 
Hagrid sent him a bunch of earwiggy flowers that looked like yellow cabbages, and Ginny Weasley, blushing furiously, turned up with a get-well card she had made she, which sang shrilly unless Harry kept it shut under his bowl of fruit. 
The Gryffindor team visited again on Sunday morning, this time accompanied by Wood, who told Harry (in a hollow, dead sort of voice) that he didn’t blame he in the slightest. 
Ron and Hermione left Harry’s bedside only at night. 
But nothing anyone said or did could make Harry feel any better, because they knew only half of what was troubling Harry. 
Harry hadn’t told anyone about the Grim, not even Ron and Hermione, because he knew Ron would panic and Hermione would scoff. 
The fact remained, however, that it had now appeared twice, and both appearances had been followed by near-fatal accidents; the first time, he had nearly been run over by the Knight Bus; the second, fallen fifty feet from his broomstick. 
Was the Grim going to haunt he until he actually died? 
Was he going to spend the rest of his life looking over his shoulder for the beast? 
And then there were the dementors. 
Harry felt sick and humiliated every time Harry thought of them. 
Everyone said the dementors were horrible, but no one else collapsed every time they went near one. 
No one else heard echoes in their head of their dying parents. 
Because Harry knew who that screaming voice belonged to now. 
Harry had heard her words, heard them over and over again during the night hours in the hospital wing while Harry lay awake, staring at the strips of moonlight on the ceiling. 
When the dementors approached Harry, the dementors heard the last moments of the dementors's mother’s life, her attempts to protect him, Harry, from Lord Voldemort, and Voldemort’s laughter before Voldemort murdered her . 
Harry dozed fitfully, sinking into dreams full of clammy, rotted hands and petrified pleading, jerking awake to dwell again on Harry's mother’s voice. 
It was a relief to return to the noise and bustle of the main school on Monday, where he was forced to think about other things, even if he had to endure Draco Malfoy’s taunting. 
Malfoy was almost beside Malfoy with glee at Gryffindor’s defeat. 
Malfoy had finally taken off Malfoy's bandages, and celebrated having the full use of both arms again by doing spirited imitations of Harry falling off He's broom. 
Malfoy spent much of their next Potions class doing dementor imitations across the dungeon; Ron finally cracked and flung a large, slippery crocodile heart at Malfoy, which hit him in the face and caused Snape to take fifty points from Gryffindor. 
“If Snape’s teaching Defense Against the Dark Arts again, I’m skiving off,” said Ron as they headed toward Lupin’s classroom after lunch. 
“Check who’s in there, Hermione.” Hermione peered around the classroom door. 
“It’s okay!” Professor Lupin was back at work. 
It certainly looked as though he had been ill. he old robes were hanging more loosely on he and there were dark shadows beneath his eyes; nevertheless, he smiled at the class as they took their seats, and they burst at once into an explosion of complaints about Snape’s behavior while Professor Lupin had been ill. “It’s not fair, he was only filling in, why should he give us homework?” “us don’t know anything about werewolves — ” “ — two rolls of parchment!” “Did you tell Professor Snape us haven’t covered them yet?” Professor Lupin asked, frowning slightly. 
The babble broke out again. 
“Yes, but he said we were really behind — ” “ — he wouldn’t listen — ” “ — two rolls of parchmenti” Professor Lupin smiled at the look of indignation on every face. 
“Don’t worry. 
“I’ve already finished it!” They had a very enjoyable lesson. 
Professor Lupin had brought along a glass box containing a hinkypunk, a little one-legged creature who looked as though he were made of wisps of smoke, rather frail and harmless-looking. 
“Lures travelers into bogs,” said Professor Lupin as they took notes. 
“You notice the lantern dangling from his hand? 
When the bell rang, everyone gathered up their things and headed for the door, Harry among them, but — “Wait a moment, Harry,” Lupin called. 
“I’d like a word.” Harry doubled back and watched Professor Lupin covering the hinkypunk’s box with a cloth. 
“I heard about the match,” said Lupin, turning back to his desk and starting to pile books into his briefcase, “and I’m sorry about your broomstick. 
“The tree smashed The tree to bits.” Lupin sighed. 
“They planted the Whomping Willow the same year that I arrived at Hogwarts. 
Lupin looked at him quickly. 
“Yes, I did. 
He hesitated, and then the question He had to ask burst from him before He could stop He. 
“ Why? 
“The dementors affect you worse than the others because there are horrors in your past that the others don’t have.” A ray of wintery sunlight fell across the classroom, illuminating Lupin’s gray hairs and the lines on his young face. 
“Dementors are among the foulest creatures that walk this earth. 
“I can hear Voldemort murdering my mum.” Lupin made a sudden motion with Harry's arm as though to grip Harry’s shoulder, but thought better of it. 
There was a moment’s silence, then — “Why did they have to come to the match?” said Harry bitterly. 
“they’re getting hungry,” said Lupin coolly, shutting his briefcase with a snap. 
“Dumbledore won’t let them into the school, so them's supply of human prey has dried up. 
Lupin nodded grimly. 
“The fortress is set on a tiny island, way out to sea, but they don’t need walls and water to keep the prisoners in, not when the prisoners’re all trapped inside the prisoners's own heads, incapable of a single cheerful thought. 
“He got away. 
“Yes,” He said, straightening up, “Black must have found a way to fight Black. 
“There are — certain defenses one can use,” said Lupin. 
“But there was only one dementor on the train. 
“Can you teach me?” “I don’t pretend to be an expert at fighting dementors, Harry quite the contrary. 
Gryffindor were not out of the running after all, although they could not afford to lose another match. 
Wood became repossessed of his manic energy, and worked his team as hard as ever in the chilly haze of rain that persisted into December. 
Harry saw no hint of a dementor within the grounds. 
Dumbledore’s anger seemed to be keeping them at them's stations at the entrances. 
Two weeks before the end of the term, the sky lightened suddenly to a dazzling, opaline white and the muddy grounds were revealed one morning covered in glittering frost. 
Inside the castle, there was a buzz of Christmas in the air. 
Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher, had already decorated his classroom with shimmering lights that turned out to be real, fluttering fairies. 
The students were all happily discussing The students's plans for the holidays. 
Both Ron and Hermione had decided to remain at Hogwarts, and though Ron said it was because he couldn’t stand two weeks with Percy, and Hermione insisted Hermione needed to use the library, Harry wasn’t fooled; they were doing it to keep Harry company, and Harry was very grateful. 
To everyone’s delight except Harry’s, there was to be another Hogsmeade trip on the very last weekend of the term. 
“We can do all We Christmas shopping there!” said Hermione. 
“Mum and Dad would really love those Toothflossing Stringmints from Honeydukes!” Resigned to the fact that Harry would be the only third year staying behind again, Harry borrowed a copy of Which Broomstick from Wood, and decided to spend the day reading up on the different makes. 
Harry had been riding one of the school brooms at team practice, an ancient Shooting Star, which was very slow and jerky; Harry definitely needed a new broom of Harry's own. 
On the Saturday morning of the Hogsmeade trip, Harry bid good-bye to Ron and Hermione, who were wrapped in cloaks and scarves, then turned up the marble staircase alone, and headed back toward Gryffindor Tower. 
Snow had started to fall outside the windows, and the castle was very still and quiet. 
“Psst — Harry!” He turned, halfway along the third-floor corridor, to see Fred and George peering out at him from behind a statue of a humpbacked, one-eyed witch. 
“What are you doing?” said Harry curiously. 
“How come you’re not going to Hogsmeade?” “We’ve come to give you a bit of festive cheer before We go,” said Fred, with a mysterious wink. 
“Come in here. 
Harry followed Fred and George inside. 
George closed the door quietly and then turned, beaming, to look at Harry. 
“Early Christmas present for you, Harry,” he said. 
Fred pulled something from inside Fred's cloak with a flourish and laid it on one of the desks. 
It was a large, square, very worn piece of parchment with nothing written on it. 
Harry, suspecting one of Fred and George’s jokes, stared at it. 
“What’s that supposed to be?” “This, Harry, is the secret of our success,” said George’s, patting the parchment fondly. 
“It’s a wrench, giving It to you,” said Fred, “but we decided last night, your need’s greater than we.” “Anyway, we know it by heart,” said George. 
“We bequeath it to you. 
“A bit of old parchment!” said Fred, closing his eyes with a grimace as though Harry had mortally offended Harry. 
“Explain, George.” “Well when we were in we first year, Harry — young, carefree, and innocent — ” Harry snorted. 
Harry doubted whether Fred and George had ever been innocent. 
“ — well, more innocent than we are now — we got into a spot of bother with Filch.” “We let off a Dungbomb in the corridor and it upset him for some reason — ” “So him hauled We off to him's office and started threatening We with the usual — ” “ — detention — ” “ — disembowelment — ” “ — and We couldn’t help noticing a drawer in one of his filing cabinets marked Confiscated and Highly Dangerous.” “Don’t tell me — ” said Harry, starting to grin. 
“Well, what would you’ve done?” said Fred. 
“George caused a diversion by dropping another Dungbomb, I whipped the drawer open, and grabbed — this.” “It’s not as bad as it sounds, you know,” said George. 
“We don’t reckon Filch ever found out how to work it. 
“This little beauty’s taught us more than all the teachers in this school.” “You’re winding me up,” said Harry, looking at the ragged old bit of parchment. 
“Oh, are we?” said George. 
George took out George's wand, touched the parchment lightly, and said, “I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.” And at once, thin ink lines began to spread like a spider’s web from the point that George’s wand had touched. 
They joined each other, They crisscrossed, They fanned into every corner of the parchment; then words began to blossom across the top, great, curly green words, that proclaimed: Messrs. Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs Purveyors of Aids to Magical Mischief-Makers are proud to present THE MARAUDER’S MAP It was a map showing every detail of the Hogwarts castle and grounds. 
But the truly remarkable thing were the tiny ink dots moving around it, each labeled with a name in minuscule writing. 
Astounded, Harry bent over it. 
A labeled dot in the top left corner showed that Professor Dumbledore was pacing Professor Dumbledore's study; the caretaker’s cat, Mistress Norris, was prowling the second floor; and Peeves the Poltergeist was currently bouncing around the trophy room. 
And as Harry’s eyes traveled up and down the familiar corridors, Harry noticed something else. 
This map showed a set of passages he had never entered. 
And many of them seemed to lead — “Right into Hogsmeade,” said Fred, tracing one of them with his finger. 
“There are seven in all. 
“We owe them so much.” “Noble men, working tirelessly to help a new generation of law-breakers,” said Fred solemnly. 
“Right,” said George briskly. 
“Don’t forget to wipe it after you’ve used it — ” “ — or anyone can read it,” Fred said warningly. 
“Just tap it again and say, ‘Mischief managed!’ And it’ll go blank.” “So, young Harry,” said Fred, in an uncanny impersonation of Percy, “mind you behave yourself.” “See you in Honeydukes,” said George, winking. 
They left the room, both smirking in a satisfied sort of way. 
Harry stood there, gazing at the miraculous map. 
Harry watched the tiny ink Mistress Norris turn left and pause to sniff at something on the floor. 
If Filch really didn’t know Filch wouldn’t have to pass the dementors at all. 
But even as he stood there, flooded with excitement, something Harry had once heard Arthur say came floating out of Harry's memory. 
Never trust anything that can think for itself, if you can’t see where itself keeps itself brain. 
This map was one of those dangerous magical objects Arthur had been warning against. 
Aids for Magical Mischief-Makers but then, Harry reasoned, Harry only wanted to use it to get into Hogsmeade, it wasn’t as though Harry wanted to steal anything or attack anyone and Fred and George had been using it for years without anything horrible happening. 
Harry traced the secret passage to Honeydukes with Harry's finger. 
Then, quite suddenly, as though following orders, Harry rolled up the map, stuffed it inside Harry's robes, and hurried to the door of the classroom. 
Harry opened it a couple of inches. 
There was no one outside. 
Very carefully, he edged out of the room and behind the statue of the one-eyed witch. 
What did he have to do? 
he pulled out the map again and saw, to his astonishment, that a new ink figure had appeared upon it, labeled Harry Potter. 
a new ink figure was standing exactly where the real Harry was standing, about halfway down the third-floor corridor. 
Harry watched carefully. 
Harry little ink self appeared to be tapping the witch with Harry little ink self's minute wand. 
Harry quickly took out Harry's real wand and tapped the statue. 
Nothing happened. 
He looked back at the map. 
The tiniest speech bubble had appeared next to He's figure. 
The word inside said, “ Dissendium.” “ Dissendiurrd” Harry whispered, tapping the stone witch again. 
At once, the statue’s hump opened wide enough to admit a fairly thin person. 
Harry glanced quickly up and down the corridor, then tucked the map away again, hoisted Harry into the hole headfirst, and pushed Harry forward. 
Harry slid a considerable way down what felt like a stone slide, then landed on cold, damp earth. 
Harry stood up, looking around. 
It was pitch dark. 
He held up He's wand, muttered, “Lumos\” and saw that He was in a very narrow, low, earthy passageway. 
He raised the map, tapped it with the tip of He's wand, and muttered, “Mischief managed!” the map went blank at once. 
He folded it carefully, tucked it inside He's robes, then, heart beating fast, both excited and apprehensive, He set off. 
The passage twisted and turned, more like the burrow of a giant rabbit than anything else. 
Harry hurried along it, stumbling now and then on the uneven floor, holding Harry's wand out in front of Harry. 
It took ages, but Harry had the thought of Honeydukes to sustain Harry. 
After what felt like an hour, the passage began to rise. 
Panting, Harry sped up, Harry's face hot, Harry's feet very cold. 
Ten minutes later, Harry came to the foot of some worn stone steps, which rose out of sight above Harry. 
Careful not to make any noise, Harry began to climb. 
A hundred steps, two hundred steps, Harry lost count as Harry climbed, watching Harry's feet. 
Then, without warning, his head hit something hard. 
It seemed to be a trapdoor. 
Harry stood there, massaging the top of Harry's head, listening. 
Harry couldn’t hear any sounds above Harry. 
Very slowly, Harry pushed the trapdoor open and peered over the edge. 
Harry was in a cellar, which was full of wooden crates and boxes. 
Harry climbed out of the trapdoor and replaced it — it blended so perfectly with the dusty floor that it was impossible to tell it was there. 
Harry crept slowly toward the wooden staircase that led upstairs. 
Now Harry could definitely hear voices, not to mention the tinkle of a bell and the opening and shutting of a door. 
Wondering what Harry ought to do, Harry suddenly heard a door open much closer at hand; somebody was about to come downstairs. 
“And get another box of Jelly Slugs, dear, they’ve nearly cleaned us out — ” said a woman’s voice. 
A pair of feet was coming down the staircase. 
Harry leapt behind an enormous crate and waited for the footsteps to pass. 
Harry heard the man shifting boxes against the opposite wall. 
Harry might not get another chance — Quickly and silently, Harry dodged out from Harry's hiding place and climbed the stairs; looking back, Harry saw an enormous backside and shiny bald head, buried in a box. 
Harry reached the door at the top of the stairs, slipped through the door, and found Harry behind the counter of Honeydukes Harry ducked, crept sideways, and then straightened up. 
Honeydukes was so crowded with Hogwarts students that no one looked twice at Harry. 
He edged among them, looking around, and suppressed a laugh as He imagined the look that would spread over Dudley’s piggy face if he could see where Harry was now. 
There were shelves upon shelves of the most succulent-looking sweets imaginable. 
Creamy chunks of nougat, shimmering pink squares of coconut ice, fat, honey-colored toffees; hundreds of different kinds of chocolate in neat rows; there was a large barrel of Every Flavor Beans, and another of Fizzing Whizbees, the levitating sherbert balls that Ron had mentioned; along yet another wall were “Special Effects” sweets: Drooble’s Best Blowing Gum (which filled a room with bluebell-colored bubbles that refused to pop for days), the strange, splintery Toothflossing Stringmints, tiny black Pepper Imps (“breathe fire for your friends!”), Ice Mice (“hear your teeth chatter and squeak!”), peppermint creams shaped like toads (“hop realistically in the stomach!”), fragile sugar-spun quills, and exploding bonbons. 
Harry squeezed Harry through a crowd of sixth years and saw a sign hanging in the farthest corner of the shop (UNUSUAL TASTES). 
Ron and Hermione were standing underneath it, examining a tray of blood-flavored lollipops. 
Harry sneaked up behind them. 
“Ugh, no, Harry won’t want one of those, they’re for vampires, I expect,” Hermione was saying. 
“How about these?” said Ron, shoving ajar of Cockroach Clusters under Hermione ’s nose. 
“Definitely not,” said Harry. 
Ron nearly dropped the jar. 
“Harry\” squealed Hermione. 
“What are you doing here? 
He dropped He's voice so that none of the sixth years could hear He and told them all about the Marauder’s Map. 
“How come Fred and George never gave it to me!” said Ron, outraged. 
“I’m their brother!” “But Harry isn’t going to keep it!” said Hermione, as though the idea were ludicrous. 
“Harry’s going to hand it in to Professor McGonagall, aren’t you, Harry?” “No, I’m not!” said Harry. 
“Are you mad?” said Ron, goggling at Hermione. 
“Hand in something that good?” “If I hand it in, I’ll have to say where I got it! 
“He could be using one of the passages on that map to get into the castle! 
“There are seven secret tunnels on the map, right? 
What if Black did know the passage was there? 
Ron, however, cleared his throat significantly, and pointed to a notice pasted on the inside of the sweetshop door. 
— BY ORDER OF — THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC Customers are reminded that until further notice, dementors will be patrolling the streets of Hogsmeade every night after sundown. 
This measure has been put in place for the safety of Hogsmeade residents and will be lifted upon the recapture of Sirius Black. 
It is therefore advisable that you complete your shopping well before nightfall. 
Merry Christmas! 
“See?” said Ron quietly. 
“I’d like to see Black try and break into Honeydukes with dementors swarming all over the village. 
“Look, Harry still shouldn’t be coming into Hogsmeade. 
“Come on, Hermione, it’s Christmas. 
“Are you going to report me?” Harry asked her, grinning. 
“Oh — of course not — but honestly, Harry — ” “Seen the Fizzing Whizbees, Harry?” said Ron, grabbing him and leading him over to their barrel. 
“And the Jelly Slugs? 
“Reckon Fred’d take a bit of Cockroach Cluster if I told him they were peanuts?” When Ron and Hermione had paid for all their sweets, the three of Ron and Hermione left Honeydukes for the blizzard outside. 
Hogsmeade looked like a Christmas card; the little thatched cottages and shops were all covered in a layer of crisp snow; there were holly wreaths on the doors and strings of enchanted candles hanging in the trees. 
Harry shivered; unlike the other two, Harry didn’t have Harry's cloak. 
They headed up the street, heads bowed against the wind, Ron and Hermione shouting through their scarves. 
“That’s the post office — ” “Zonko’s is up there — ” “We could go up to the Shrieking Shack — ” “Tell you what,” said Ron, his teeth chattering, “shall we go for a butterbeer in the Three Broomsticks?” Harry was more than willing; the wind was fierce and Harry's hands were freezing, so they crossed the road, and in a few minutes were entering the tiny inn. 
It was extremely crowded, noisy, warm, and smoky. 
A curvy sort of woman with a pretty face was serving a bunch of rowdy warlocks up at the bar. 
“That’s Madam Rosmerta,” said Ron. 
“I’ll get the drinks, shall I?” he added, going slightly red. 
Harry and Hermione made Harry and Hermione's way to the back of the room, where there was a small, vacant table between the window and a handsome Christmas tree, which stood next to the fireplace. 
Ron came back five minutes later, carrying three foaming tankards of hot butterbeer. 
“Merry Christmas!” Merry Christmas! 
Harry drank deeply. 
It was the most delicious thing Harry’d ever tasted and seemed to heat every bit of Harry from the inside. 
A sudden breeze ruffled Harry's hair. 
The door of the Three Broomsticks had opened again. 
Harry looked over the rim of Harry's tankard and choked. 
Professors McGonagall and Flitwick had just entered the pub with a flurry of snowflakes, shortly followed by Hagrid, who was deep in conversation with a portly man in a lime-green bowler hat and a pinstriped cloak — Cornelius Fudge, Minister of Magic. 
In an instant, Ron and Hermione had both placed hands on the top of Harry’s head and forced him off his stool and under the table. 
Dripping with butterbeer and crouching out of sight, Harry clutched Harry's empty tankard and watched the teachers’ and Fudge’s feet move toward the bar, pause, then turn and walk right toward him. 
Somewhere above him, Hermione whispered, “Mobiliarbus\” The Christmas tree beside their table rose a few inches off the ground, drifted sideways, and landed with a soft thump right in front of their table, hiding their from view. 
Staring through the dense lower branches, Harry saw four sets of chair legs move back from the table right beside theirs, then heard the grunts and sighs of the teachers and minister as the teachers and minister sat down. 
Next Harry saw another pair of feet, wearing sparkly turquoise high heels, and heard a woman’s voice. 
“A small gillywater — ” “Mine,” said Professor McGonagall’s voice. 
“Four pints of mulled mead — ” “Ta, Rosmerta,” said Hagrid. 
“A cherry syrup and soda with ice and umbrella — ” “Mmm!” said Professor Flitwick, smacking his lips. 
“So you 11 be the red currant rum, Minister.” “Thank you, Rosmerta, m’dear,” said Fudge’s voice. 
“Lovely to see you again, I must say. 
His heart was pounding uncomfortably in His's throat. 
Why hadn’t it occurred to His that this was the last weekend of term for the teachers too? 
And how long were they going to sit there? 
He needed time to sneak back into Honeydukes if He wanted to return to school tonight. 
Hermione’s leg gave a nervous twitch next to him. 
“So, what brings you to this neck of the woods, Minister?” came Madam Rosmerta’s voice. 
Harry saw the lower part of Fudge’s thick body twist in Harry's chair as though Harry were checking for eavesdroppers. 
Then Harry said in a quiet voice, “What else, m’dear, but Sirius Black? 
“Did you tell the whole pub, Hagrid?” said Professor McGonagall exasperatedly. 
“Do you think Black’s still in the area, Minister?” whispered Madam Rosmerta. 
“I’m sure of it,” said Fudge shortly. 
“You know that the dementors have searched the whole village twice?” said Madam Rosmerta, a slight edge to her voice. 
“Scared all my customers away. 
“Necessary precaution unfortunate, but there you are. 
“How are we supposed to teach with those horrors floating around?” “Hear, hear!” squeaked tiny Professor Flitwick, whose feet were dangling a foot from the ground. 
“All the same,” demurred Fudge, “they are here to protect you all from something much worse. 
“Of all the people to go over to the Dark Side, Sirius Black was the last I’d have thought I mean, I remember him when him was a boy at Hogwarts. 
“The worst him did isn’t widely known.” “The worst?” said Madam Rosmerta, her voice alive with curiosity. 
“Worse than murdering all those poor people, you mean?” “I certainly do,” said Fudge. 
“I can’t believe that. 
“Do you remember who his best friend was?” “Naturally,” said Madam Rosmerta, with a small laugh. 
“Never saw one without the other, did you? 
Ron kicked him. 
“Precisely,” said Professor McGonagall. 
“Black and Potter. 
“Fred and George Weasley could give ’em a run fer Fred and George Weasley's money.” “You’d have thought Black and Potter were brothers!” chimed in Professor Flitwick. 
“Inseparable!” “Of course they were,” said Fudge. 
“Potter trusted Black beyond all Potter's other friends. 
“Worse even than that, m’dear. 
“Not many people are aware that the Potters knew You- Know-Who was after them. 
Professor Flitwick cleared Professor Flitwick's throat. 
“An immensely complex spell,” he said squeakily, “involving the magical concealment of a secret inside a single, living soul. 
“Naturally,” said Professor McGonagall. 
“James Potter told Dumbledore that Black would die rather than tell where they were, that Black was planning to go into hiding himself and yet, Dumbledore remained worried. 
“He was sure that somebody close to the Potters had been keeping Voldemort informed of their movements,” said Professor McGonagall darkly. 
“Indeed, he had suspected for some time that someone on our side had turned traitor and was passing a lot of information to Voldemort.” “But James Potter insisted on using Black?” “He did,” said Fudge heavily. 
“And then, barely a week after the Fidelius Charm had been performed — ” “Black betrayed them?” breathed Madam Rosmerta. 
“He did indeed. 
“Shh!” said Professor McGonagall. 
“I met him!” growled Hagrid. 
“I musta bin the last ter see bin before bin killed all them people! 
“Hagrid, please!” said Professor McGonagall. 
“Keep your voice down!” “How was I ter know he wasn’ upset abou’ Lily an’ James? 
Then Madam Rosmerta said with some satisfaction, “But Madam Rosmerta didn’t manage to disappear, did Madam Rosmerta? 
“It was not we who found him. 
“Hero-worshipped Black and Potter,” said Professor McGonagall. 
“Never quite in their league, talent-wise. 
“There, now, Minerva,” said Fudge kindly, “Pettigrew died a hero’s death. 
“You don’t know what you’re talking about, Hagrid,” said Fudge sharply. 
“Nobody but trained Hit Wizards from the Magical Law Enforcement Squad would have stood a chance against Black once he was cornered. 
There was the sound of five noses being blown. 
“Well, there you have it, Rosmerta,” said Fudge thickly. 
“Black was taken away by twenty members of the Magical Law Enforcement Squad and Pettigrew received the Order of Merlin, First Class, which I think was some comfort to his poor mother. 
“Is it true he’s mad, Minister?” “I wish I could say that he was,” said Fudge slowly. 
“I certainly believe his master’s defeat unhinged he for a while. 
“Good gracious, Minister, he isn’t trying to rejoin Voldemort, is he?” “I daresay that is his — er — eventual plan,” said Fudge evasively. 
“But we hope to catch Black long before that. 
Someone had set down their glass. 
“You know, Cornelius, if you’re dining with the headmaster, we’d better head back up to the castle,” said Professor McGonagall. 
One by one, the pairs of feet in front of Harry took the weight of their owners once more; hems of cloaks swung into sight, and Madam Rosemerta’s glittering heels disappeared behind the bar. 
The door of the Three Broomsticks opened again, there was another flurry of snow, and the teachers had disappeared. 
“Harry?” Ron’s and Hermione’s faces appeared under the table. 
They were both staring at him, lost for words. 
Harry didn’t have a very clear idea of how Harry had managed to get back into the Honeydukes cellar, through the tunnel, and into the castle once more. 
All he knew was that the return trip seemed to take no time at all, and that he hardly noticed what he was doing, because his head was still pounding with the conversation he had just heard. 
Why had nobody ever told he? 
Dumbledore, Hagrid, Arthur, Cornelius Fudge why hadn’t anyone ever mentioned the fact that Harry’s parents had died because their best friend had betrayed their? 
Ron and Hermione watched Harry nervously all through dinner, not daring to talk about what they’d overheard, because Percy was sitting close by them. 
When they went upstairs to the crowded common room, it was to find Fred and George had set off half a dozen Dungbombs in a fit of end-of-term high spirits. 
Harry, who didn’t want Fred and George asking Fred whether him’d reached Hogsmeade or not, sneaked quietly up to the empty dormitory and headed straight for Fred's bedside cabinet. 
He pushed He's books aside and quickly found what He was looking for — the leather-bound photo album Hagrid had given He two years ago, which was full of wizard pictures of He's mother and father. 
He sat down on He's bed, drew the hangings around He, and started turning the pages, searching, until He stopped on a picture of He's parents’ wedding day. 
There was He's father waving up at He, beaming, the untidy black hair Harry had inherited standing up in all directions. 
There was his mother, alight with happiness, arm in arm with his dad. 
And there that must be him. 
Their best man Harry had never given Their best man Harry a thought before. 
If he hadn’t known it was the same person, he would never have guessed it was Black in this old photograph. 
he face wasn’t sunken and waxy, but handsome, full of laughter. 
Had he already been working for Voldemort when this picture had been taken? 
Was he already planning the deaths of the two people next to he? 
Did Harry realize Harry was facing twelve years in Azkaban, twelve years that would make Harry unrecognizable? 
But the dementors don’t affect Harry, Harry thought, staring into the handsome, laughing face. 
Harry doesn’t have to hear my mum screaming if they get too close — Harry slammed the album shut, reached over and stuffed it back into — Harry's cabinet, took off — Harry's robe and glasses and got into bed, making sure the hangings were hiding him from view. 
The dormitory door opened. 
“Harry?” said Ron’s voice uncertainly. 
But Harry lay still, pretending to be asleep. 
Harry heard Ron leave again, and rolled over on Harry's back, Harry's eyes wide open. 
A hatred such as he had never known before was coursing through Harry like poison. 
he could see Black laughing at he through the darkness, as though somebody had pasted the picture from the album over his eyes. 
he watched, as though somebody was playing him a piece of film, Sirius Black blasting Peter Pettigrew (who resembled Neville Longbottom) into a thousand pieces. 
he could hear (though having no idea what Black’s voice might sound like) a low, excited mutter. 
“It has happened, My Lord the Potters have made me their Secret- Keeper. 
“Harry, you — you look terrible.” Harry hadn’t gotten to sleep until daybreak. 
Harry had awoken to find the dormitory deserted, dressed, and gone down the spiral staircase to a common room that was completely empty except for Ron, who was eating a Peppermint Toad and massaging Harry's stomach, and Hermione, who had spread her homework over three tables. 
“Where is everyone?” said Harry. 
“Gone! 
“It’s nearly lunchtime; I was going to come and wake you up in a minute.” Harry slumped into a chair next to the fire. 
Snow was still falling outside the windows. 
Crookshanks was spread out in front of the fire like a large, ginger rug. 
“You really don’t look well, you know,” Hermione said, peering anxiously into his face. 
“I’m fine,” said Harry. 
“Harry, listen,” said Hermione, exchanging a look with Ron, “you must be really upset about what we heard yesterday. 
“Like trying to go after Black,” said Ron sharply. 
Harry could tell they had rehearsed this conversation while Harry had been asleep. 
Harry didn’t say anything. 
“You won’t, will you, Harry?” said Hermione. 
“Because Black’s not worth dying for,” said Ron. 
Harry looked at them. 
them didn’t seem to understand at all. 
“D’you know what I see and hear every time a dementor gets too near me?” Ron and Hermione shook their heads, looking apprehensive. 
“I can hear my mum screaming and pleading with Voldemort. 
“The dementors will catch Black and The dementors’ll go back to Azkaban and — and serve him right!” “You heard what Fudge said. 
“You want to — to kill Black or something?” “Don’t be silly,” said Hermione in a panicky voice. 
“Harry doesn’t want to kill anyone, do you, Harry?” Again, Harry didn’t answer. 
Harry didn’t know what Harry wanted to do. 
All Harry knew was that the idea of doing nothing, while Black was at liberty, was almost more than Harry could stand. 
“Malfoy knows,” he said abruptly. 
“Remember what he said to he in Potions? 
“Listen you know what Pettigrew’s mother got back after Black had finished with him? 
“He was right in Voldemort’s inner circle — ” “ Say You-Knotu-Who, will you?” interjected Ron angrily. 
“ — so obviously, the Malfoys knew Black was working for Voldemort — ” “ — and Malfoy’d love to see you blown into about a million pieces, like Pettigrew! 
There was a silence in which Crookshanks stretched luxuriously, flexing his claws. 
Ron’s pocket quivered. 
“Look,” said Ron, obviously casting around for a change of subject, “it’s the holidays! 
“Harry isn’t supposed to leave the castle, Ron — ” “Yeah, let’s go,” said Harry, sitting up, “and I can ask Harry how come Harry never mentioned Black when Harry told me all about my parents!” Further discussion of Sirius Black plainly wasn’t what Ron had had in mind. 
“Or we could have a game of chess,” he said hastily, “or Gobstones. 
So they got their cloaks from their dormitories and set off through the portrait hole (“Stand and fight, you yellow-bellied mongrels!”), down through the empty castle and out through the oak front doors. 
They made They's way slowly down the lawn, making a shallow trench in the glittering, powdery snow, They's socks and the hems of They's cloaks soaked and freezing. 
The Forbidden Forest looked as though The Forbidden Forest had been enchanted, each tree smattered with silver, and Hagrid’s cabin looked like an iced cake. 
Ron knocked, but there was no answer. 
“He’s not out, is He?” said Hermione, who was shivering under her cloak. 
Ron had his ear to the door. 
“There’s a weird noise,” he said. 
“Listen — is that Fang?” Harry and Hermione put their ears to the door too. 
From inside the cabin came a series of low, throbbing moans. 
“Think we’d better go and get someone?” said Ron nervously. 
“Hagrid!” called Harry, thumping the door. 
“Hagrid, are you in there?” There was a sound of heavy footsteps, then the door creaked open. 
Hagrid stood there with his eyes red and swollen, tears splashing down the front of his leather vest. 
“Yeh’ve heard?” Yeh’ve bellowed, and Yeh’ve flung Yeh’ve onto Harry’s neck. 
Hagrid being at least twice the size of a normal man, this was no laughing matter. 
Harry, about to collapse under Hagrid’s weight, was rescued by Ron and Hermione, who each seized Hagrid under an arm and heaved him back into the cabin. 
Hagrid allowed himself to be steered into a chair and slumped over the table, sobbing uncontrollably, himself's face glazed with tears that dripped down into himself's tangled beard. 
“Hagrid, what is it?” said Hermione, aghast. 
Harry spotted an official-looking letter lying open on the table. 
“What’s this, Hagrid?” Hagrid’s sobs redoubled, but Hagrid’s shoved the letter toward Harry, who picked it up and read aloud: Dear Mister Hagrid, Further to our inquiry into the attack by a hippogriff on a student in your class, our have accepted the assurances of Professor Dumbledore that you bear no responsibility for the regrettable incident. 
“Well, that’s okay then, Hagrid!” said Ron, clapping Hagrid on the shoulder. 
But Hagrid continued to sob, and waved one of his gigantic hands, inviting Harry to read on. 
However, we must register our concern about the hippogriff in question. 
We have decided to uphold the official complaint of Mister Lucius Malfoy, and this matter will therefore be taken to the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures. 
The hearing will take place on April 20th, and we ask you to present yourself and your hippogriff at the Committee’s offices in London on that date. 
In the meantime, the hippogriff should be kept tethered and isolated. 
Yours in fellowship There followed a list of the school governors. 
“Oh,” said Ron. 
“But you said Buckbeak isn’t a bad hippogriff, Hagrid. 
“They’ve got it in fer interestin’ creatures!” A sudden sound from the corner of Hagrid ’s cabin made Harry, Ron, and Hermione whip around. 
Buckbeak the hippogriff was lying in the corner, chomping on something that was oozing blood all over the floor. 
“I couldn’ leave Buckbeak the hippogriff tied up out there in the snow!” choked Hagrid. 
“All on his own! 
They had never seen eye to eye with Hagrid about what he called “interesting creatures” and other people called “terrifying monsters.” On the other hand, there didn’t seem to be any particular harm in Buckbeak. 
In fact, by Hagrid’s usual standards, he was positively cute. 
“You’ll have to put up a good strong defense, Hagrid,” said Hermione, sitting down and laying a hand on Hagrid’s massive forearm. 
“I’m sure you can prove Buckbeak is safe.” “Won’t make no difference!” sobbed Hagrid. 
“Them Disposal devils, Them Disposal’re all in Lucius Malfoy’s pocket! 
“What about Dumbledore, Hagrid?” said Harry. 
“He’s done more’n enough fer me already,” groaned Hagrid. 
“Got enough on his plate what with keepin’ them dementors outta the castle, an’ Sirius Black lurkin’ around — ” Ron and Hermione looked quickly at Harry, as though expecting him to start berating Hagrid for not telling him the truth about Black. 
But Harry couldn’t bring Harry to do it, not now that Harry saw Hagrid so miserable and scared. 
“Listen, Hagrid,” he said, “you can’t give up. 
Harry and Hermione looked at Ron to help them. 
“Er — shall I make a cup of tea?” said Ron. 
Harry stared at him. 
“It’s what my mum does whenever someone’s upset,” Ron muttered, shrugging. 
At last, after many more assurances of help, with a steaming mug of tea in front of him, Hagrid blew his nose on a handkerchief the size of a tablecloth and said, “Yer right. 
“I’ve not bin meself lately,” said Hagrid, stroking Fang with one hand and mopping his face with the other. 
“Worried abou’ Buckbeak, an’ no one likin’ me classes “We do like them!” lied Hermione at once. 
“Yeah, they’re great!” said Ron, crossing his fingers under the table. 
“Er — how are the flobberworms?” “Dead,” said Hagrid gloomily. 
“Too much lettuce.” “Oh no!” said Ron, his lip twitching. 
“An’ them dementors make me feel ruddy terrible an’ all,” said Hagrid, with a sudden shudder. 
“Gotta walk past ’em ev’ry time I want a drink in the Three Broomsticks. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione watched him breathlessly. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione had never heard Hagrid talk about his brief spell in Azkaban before. 
After a pause, Hermione said timidly, “Is it awful in there, Hagrid?” “Yeh’ve no idea,” said Hagrid quietly. 
“Never bin anywhere like it. 
Norbert was the baby dragon Hagrid had once won in a game of cards. 
“Yeh can’ really remember who yeh are after a while. 
Hagrid snorted. 
“Think that matters to them? 
Then he said quietly, “Thought o’ jus’ letting Buckbeak go tryin’ ter make him fly away but how d’yeh explain ter a hippogriff it’s gotta go inter hidin’? 
“I don’ ever want ter go back ter Azkaban.” The trip to Hagrid’s, though far from fun, had nevertheless had the effect Ron and Hermione had hoped. 
Though Harry had by no means forgotten about Black, Harry couldn’t brood constantly on revenge if Harry wanted to help Hagrid win his case against the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures. 
He, Ron, and Hermione went to the library the next day and returned to the empty common room laden with books that might help prepare a defense for Buckbeak. 
The three of them sat in front of the roaring fire, slowly turning the pages of dusty volumes about famous cases of marauding beasts, speaking occasionally when they ran across something relevant. 
“Here’s something there was a case in 1722 but the hippogriff was convicted — ugh, look what they did to it, that’s disgusting — ” “This might help, look — a manticore savaged someone in 1296, and they let the manticore off — oh — no, that was only because everyone was too scared to go near it. 
Thick streamers of holly and mistletoe were strung along the corridors, mysterious lights shone from inside every suit of armor, and the Great Hall was filled with its usual twelve Christmas trees, glittering with golden stars. 
A powerful and delicious smell of cooking pervaded the corridors, and by Christmas Eve, it had grown so strong that even Scabbers poked his nose out of the shelter of Ron’s pocket to sniff hopefully at the air. 
On Christmas morning, Harry was woken by Ron throwing Harry's pillow at Harry. 
“Oy! 
Ron was already ripping the paper off his own presents. 
“Another sweater from Mum maroon again see if you’ve got one.” Harry had. 
Molly had sent him a scarlet sweater with the Gryffindor lion knitted on the front, also a dozen home-baked mince pies, some Christmas cake, and a box of nut brittle. 
As he moved all these things aside, he saw a long, thin package lying underneath. 
“What’s that?” said Ron, looking over, a freshly unwrapped pair of maroon socks in his hand. 
“Dunno ” Harry ripped the parcel open and gasped as a magnificent, gleaming broomstick rolled out onto Harry's bedspread. 
Ron dropped his socks and jumped off his bed for a closer look. 
“I don’t believe it,” he said hoarsely. 
It was a Firebolt, identical to the dream broom Harry had gone to see every day in Diagon Alley. 
Its handle glittered as he picked it up. 
he could feel it vibrating and let go; it hung in midair, unsupported, at exactly the right height for he to mount it. 
he eyes moved from the golden registration number at the top of the handle, right down to the perfectly smooth, streamlined birch twigs that made up the tail. 
“Who sent it to you?” said Ron in a hushed voice. 
“Look and see if there’s a card,” said Harry. 
Ron ripped apart the Firebolt’s wrappings. 
“Nothing! 
“He sent you the Invisibility Cloak anonymously. 
“Dumbledore was just passing it on to me. 
“In case some git like Malfoy said it was favoritism. 
“ Who — ?” “I know,” said Ron, controlling himself, “I know who it could’ve been — Lupin!” “What?” said Harry, now starting to laugh himself. 
“Lupin? 
“And he was away when your Nimbus got smashed, and he might’ve heard about it and decided to visit Diagon Alley and get this for you — ” “What d’you mean, d’you was away?” said Harry. 
“he was ill when I was playing in that match.” “Well, he wasn’t in the hospital wing,” said Ron. 
“I was there, cleaning out the bedpans on that detention from Snape, remember?” Harry frowned at Ron. 
“I can’t see Lupin affording something like this.” “What ’re you two laughing about?” Hermione had just come in, wearing Hermione's dressing gown and carrying Crookshanks, who was looking very grumpy, with a string of tinsel tied around his neck. 
“Don’t bring him in here!” said Ron, hurriedly snatching Scabbers from the depths of him's bed and stowing him in him's pajama pocket. 
But Hermione wasn’t listening. 
Hermione dropped Crookshanks onto Seamus’s empty bed and stared, open-mouthed, at the Firebolt. 
“Oh, Harry\ Who sent you that?” “No idea,” said Harry. 
“There wasn’t a card or anything with it.” To his great surprise, Hermione did not appear either excited or intrigued by the news. 
On the contrary, Hermione's face fell, and Hermione bit Hermione's lip. 
“What’s the matter with you?” said Ron. 
“I don’t know,” said Hermione slowly, “but it’s a bit odd, isn’t it? 
“It’s the best broom there is, Hermione,” he said. 
“So it must’ve been really expensive. 
“Well who’d send Harry something as expensive as that, and not even tell Harry they’d sent it?” said Hermione. 
“Who cares?” said Ron impatiently. 
“Listen, Harry, can I have a go on it? 
Harry and Ron looked at her. 
“What d’you think Harry’s going to do with it — sweep the floor?” said Ron. 
But before Hermione could answer, Crookshanks sprang from Seamus’s bed, right at Ron’s chest. 
“GET — HIM — OUT — OF — HERE!” Ron bellowed as Crookshanks ’s claws ripped his pajamas and Scabbers attempted a wild escape over his shoulder. 
Ron seized Scabbers by the tail and aimed a misjudged kick at Crookshanks that hit the trunk at the end of Harry’s bed, knocking it over and causing Ron to hop up and down, howling with pain. 
Crookshanks ’s fur suddenly stood on end. 
A shrill, tinny whistling was filling the room. 
The Pocket Sneakoscope had become dislodged from Uncle Vernon’s old socks and was whirling and gleaming on the floor. 
“I forgot about that!” Harry said, bending down and picking up The Pocket Sneakoscope. 
“I never wear those socks if I can help it. 
Crookshanks was hissing and spitting at it. 
“You’d better take that cat out of here, Hermione,” said Ron furiously, sitting on Harry’s bed nursing Harry's toe. 
“Can’t you shut that thing up?” he added to Harry as Hermione strode out of the room, Crookshanks ’s yellow eyes still fixed maliciously on Ron. 
Harry stuffed the Sneakoscope back inside the socks and threw the Sneakoscope back into his trunk. 
All that could be heard now were Ron’s stifled moans of pain and rage. 
Scabbers was huddled in Ron’s hands. 
It had been a while since Harry had seen Harry out of Ron’s pocket, and Harry was unpleasantly surprised to see that Scabbers, once so fat, was now very skinny; patches of fur seemed to have fallen out too. 
“He’s not looking too good, is He?” Harry said. 
“It’s stress!” said Ron. 
“He’d be fine if that big stupid furball left He alone!” But Harry, remembering what the woman at the Magical Menagerie had said about rats living only three years, couldn’t help feeling that unless Scabbers had powers he had never revealed, he was reaching the end of his life. 
And despite Ron’s frequent complaints that Scabbers was both boring and useless, he was sure Ron would be very miserable if Scabbers died. 
Christmas spirit was definitely thin on the ground in the Gryffindor common room that morning. 
Hermione had shut Crookshanks in Hermione's dormitory, but was furious with Ron for trying to kick him; Ron was still fuming about Crookshanks ’s fresh attempt to eat Scabbers. 
Harry gave up trying to make them talk to each other and devoted Harry to examining the Firebolt, which Harry had brought down to the common room with Harry. 
For some reason this seemed to annoy Hermione as well; Hermione didn’t say anything, but Hermione kept looking darkly at the broom as though it too had been criticizing Hermione's cat. 
At lunchtime they went down to the Great Hall, to find that the House tables had been moved against the walls again, and that a single table, set for twelve, stood in the middle of the room. 
Professors Dumbledore, McGonagall, Snape, Sprout, and Flitwick were there, along with Filch, the caretaker, who had taken off his usual brown coat and was wearing a very old and rather moldy-looking tailcoat. 
There were only three other students, two extremely nervous-looking first years and a sullen-faced Slytherin fifth year. 
“Merry Christmas!” said Dumbledore as Harry, Ron, and Hermione approached the table. 
“As there are so few of us, it seemed foolish to use the House tables. 
“Crackers!” said Dumbledore enthusiastically, offering the end of a large silver noisemaker to Snape, who took it reluctantly and tugged. 
With a bang like a gunshot, the cracker flew apart to reveal a large, pointed witch’s hat topped with a stuffed vulture. 
Harry, remembering the boggart, caught Ron’s eye and they both grinned; Snape ’s mouth thinned and Snape pushed the hat toward Dumbledore, who swapped it for Snape's wizard’s hat at once. 
“Dig in!” Dig in! 
As Harry was helping Harry to roast potatoes, the doors of the Great Hall opened again. 
It was Professor Trelawney, gliding toward them as though on wheels. 
She had put on a green sequined dress in honor of the occasion, making Shis look more than ever like a glittering, oversized dragonfly. 
“Sibyll, this is a pleasant surprise!” said Dumbledore, standing up. 
“I have been crystal gazing, Headmaster,” said Professor Trelawney in Professor Trelawney's mistiest, most faraway voice, “and to my astonishment, I saw myself abandoning my solitary luncheon and coming to join you. 
“Let me draw you up a chair — ” And he did indeed draw a chair in midair with his wand, which revolved for a few seconds before falling with a thud between Professors Snape and McGonagall. 
Professor Trelawney, however, did not sit down; Professor Trelawney's enormous eyes had been roving around the table, and Professor Trelawney suddenly uttered a kind of soft scream. 
“I dare not, Headmaster! 
“Do sit down, the turkey’s getting stone cold.” Professor Trelawney hesitated, then lowered herself into the empty chair, eyes shut and mouth clenched tight, as though expecting a thunderbolt to hit the table. 
Professor McGonagall poked a large spoon into the nearest tureen. 
“Tripe, Sibyll?” Professor Trelawney ignored Professor Trelawney. 
Eyes open again, Professor Trelawney looked around once more and said, “But where is dear Professor Lupin?” “I’m afraid the poor fellow is ill again,” said Dumbledore, indicating that everybody should start serving themselves. 
“Most unfortunate that it should happen on Christmas Day.” “But surely you already knew that, Sibyll?” said Professor McGonagall, her eyebrows raised. 
Professor Trelawney gave Professor McGonagall a very cold look. 
“Certainly I knew, Minerva,” she said quietly. 
“But one does not parade the fact that one is All-Knowing. 
Professor Trelawney’s voice suddenly became a good deal less misty. 
“If you must know, Minerva, I have seen that poor Professor Lupin will not be with us for very long. 
“I doubt,” said Dumbledore, in a cheerful but slightly raised voice, which put an end to Professor McGonagall and Professor Trelawney’s conversation, “that Professor Lupin is in any immediate danger. 
“Good,” said Dumbledore. 
“Then he should be up and about in no time. 
Professor Trelawney behaved almost normally until the very end of Christmas dinner, two hours later. 
Full to bursting with Christmas dinner and still wearing their party hats, Harry and Ron got up first from the table and she shrieked loudly. 
“My dears! 
“I doubt it will make much difference,” said Professor McGonagall coldly, “unless a mad axe-man is waiting outside the doors to slaughter the first into the entrance hall.” Even Ron laughed. 
Professor Trelawney looked highly affronted. 
“Coming?” Harry said to Hermione. 
“No,” Hermione muttered, “I want a quick word with Professor McGonagall.” “Probably trying to see if she can take any more classes,” yawned Ron as they made their way into the entrance hall, which was completely devoid of mad axe-men. 
When they reached the portrait hole, they found Sir Cadogan enjoying a Christmas party with a couple of monks, several previous headmasters of Hogwarts, and Sir Cadogan's fat pony. 
Sir Cadogan pushed up Sir Cadogan's visor and toasted them with a flagon of mead. 
“Merry — hie — Christmas! 
“And the same to you, sir!” roared Sir Cadogan as the painting swung forward to admit them. 
Harry went straight up to the dormitory, collected the Firebolt and the Broomstick Servicing Kit Hermione had given Harry for Harry's birthday, brought them downstairs, and tried to find something to do to the Firebolt; however, there were no bent twigs to clip, and the handle was so shiny already it seemed pointless to polish it. 
He and Ron simply sat admiring it from every angle until the portrait hole opened, and Hermione came in, accompanied by Professor McGonagall. 
Though Professor McGonagall was head of Gryffindor House, Harry had seen her in the common room only once before, and that had been to make a very grave announcement. 
He and Ron stared at her, both holding the Firebolt. 
Hermione walked around them, sat down, picked up the nearest book, and hid Hermione's face behind it. 
“So that’s it, is it?” said Professor McGonagall beadily, walking over to the fireside and staring at the Firebolt. 
“Miss Granger has just informed me that you have been sent a broomstick, Potter.” Harry and Ron looked around at Hermione. 
They could see Miss Granger's forehead reddening over the top of Miss Granger's book, which was upside down. 
“May I?” said Professor McGonagall, but Professor McGonagall didn’t wait for an answer before pulling the Firebolt out of their hands. 
She examined it carefully from handle to twig-ends. 
“Hmm. 
“I see ,” said Professor McGonagall. 
“Well, I’m afraid I will have to take this, Potter.” “W — what?” said Harry, scrambling to Harry's feet. 
“Why?” “It will need to be checked for jinxes,” said Professor McGonagall. 
“Of course, I’m no expert, but I daresay Madam Hooch and Professor Flitwick will strip it down — ” “Strip it down?” repeated Ron, as though Professor McGonagall was mad. 
“It shouldn’t take more than a few weeks,” said Professor McGonagall. 
“You will have it back if we are sure it is jinx-free.” “There’s nothing wrong with it!” said Harry, Harry's voice shaking slightly. 
“Honestly, Professor — ” “You can’t know that, Potter,” said Professor McGonagall, quite kindly, “not until you’ve flown it, at any rate, and I’m afraid that is out of the question until we are certain that it has not been tampered with. 
Harry stood staring after her, the tin of High-Finish Polish still clutched in his hands. 
Ron, however, rounded on Hermione. 
“What did you go running to McGonagall for?” Hermione threw her book aside. 
Hermione was still pink in the face, but stood up and faced Ron defiantly. 
“Because I thought — and Professor McGonagall agrees with me — that that broom was probably sent to Harry by Sirius Black!” Harry knew that Hermione had meant well, but that didn’t stop Harry from being angry with Hermione. 
Harry had been the owner of the best broom in the world for a few short hours, and now, because of her interference, Harry didn’t know whether Harry would ever see it again. 
Harry was positive that there was nothing wrong with the Firebolt now, but what sort of state would it be in once it had been subjected to all sorts of anti-jinx tests? 
Ron was furious with Hermione too. 
As far as he was concerned, the stripping-down of a brand-new Firebolt was nothing less than criminal damage. 
Hermione, who remained convinced that she had acted for the best, started avoiding the common room. 
Harry and Ron supposed she had taken refuge in the library and didn’t try to persuade shis to come back. 
All in all, they were glad when the rest of the school returned shortly after New Year, and Gryffindor Tower became crowded and noisy again. 
Wood sought Harry out on the night before term started. 
“Had a good Christmas?” he said, and then, without waiting for an answer, he sat down, lowered his voice, and said, “I’ve been doing some thinking over Christmas, Harry. 
“I’m working on it,” said Harry quickly. 
“Professor Lupin said Professor Lupin’d train me to ward off the dementors. 
“Well, in that case — I really didn’t want to lose you as Seeker, Harry. 
“What! 
“A Firebolt? 
“I haven’t got it anymore. 
“Jinxed? 
“He’s supposed to be after me. 
“I’ll go and talk to her, Harry,” he promised. 
“I’ll make her see reason. 
The last thing anyone felt like doing was spending two hours on the grounds on a raw January morning, but Hagrid had provided a bonfire full of salamanders for their enjoyment, and their spent an unusually good lesson collecting dry wood and leaves to keep the fire blazing while the flame-loving lizards scampered up and down the crumbling, white-hot logs. 
The first Divination lesson of the new term was much less fun; Professor Trelawney was now teaching them palmistry, and she lost no time in informing Harry that Harry had the shortest life line she had ever seen. 
It was Defense Against the Dark Arts that Harry was keen to get to; after Harry's conversation with Wood, Harry wanted to get started on Harry's anti-dementor lessons as soon as possible. 
“Ah yes,” said Lupin, when Harry reminded him of Harry's promise at the end of class. 
“Let me see how about eight o’clock on Thursday evening? 
“What d’you reckon ’s the matter with him?” There was a loud and impatient “tuh” from behind them. 
It was Hermione, who had been sitting at the feet of a suit of armor, repacking her bag, which was so full of books it wouldn’t close. 
“And what are you tutting at us for?” said Ron irritably. 
“Nothing,” said Hermione in a lofty voice, heaving her bag back over her shoulder. 
“Yes, you were,” said Ron. 
“I said I wonder what’s wrong with Lupin, and you — ” “Well, isn’t it obvious?” said Hermione, with a look of maddening superiority. 
“If you don’t want to tell us, don’t,” snapped Ron. 
“Fine,” said Hermione haughtily, and Hermione marched off. 
“Hermione doesn’t know,” said Ron, staring resentfully after Hermione. 
“Hermione’s just trying to get us to talk to Hermione's again.” At eight o’clock on Thursday evening, Harry left Gryffindor Tower for the History of Magic classroom. 
It was dark and empty when Harry arrived, but Harry lit the lamps with Harry's wand and had waited only five minutes when Professor Lupin turned up, carrying a large packing case, which Professor Lupin heaved onto Professor Binns’ desk. 
“What’s that?” said Harry. 
“Another boggart,” said Lupin, stripping off his cloak. 
“I’ve been combing the castle ever since Tuesday, and very luckily, I found this one lurking inside Mister Filch’s filing cabinet. 
“So ” Professor Lupin had taken out Professor Lupin's own wand, and indicated that Harry should do the same. 
“The spell I am going to try and teach you is highly advanced magic, Harry — well beyond Ordinary Wizarding Level. 
“Well, when it works correctly, it conjures up a Patronus,” said Lupin, “which is a kind of anti- dementor — a guardian that acts as a shield between you and the dementor.” Harry had a sudden vision of Harry crouching behind a Hagrid-sized figure holding a large club. 
Professor Lupin continued, “The Patronus is a kind of positive force, a projection of the very things that the dementor feeds upon — hope, happiness, the desire to survive — but it cannot feel despair, as real humans can, so the dementors can’t hurt it. 
“Each one is unique to the wizard who conjures it.” “And how do you conjure it?” “With an incantation, which will work only if you are concentrating, with all your might, on a single, very happy memory.” Harry cast Harry's mind about for a happy memory. 
Certainly, nothing that had happened to him at the Dursleys’ was going to do. 
Finally, him settled on the moment when him had first ridden a broomstick. 
“Right,” he said, trying to recall as exactly as possible the wonderful, soaring sensation of his stomach. 
“The incantation is this — ” Lupin cleared his throat. 
“Expecto patronum).” “Expecto patronum,” Harry repeated under his breath, “expecto patronum.” “Concentrating hard on your happy memory?” “Oh — yeah — ” said Harry, quickly forcing Harry's thoughts back to that first broom ride. 
“Expecto patrono — no, patronum — sorry — expecto patronum, expecto patronum — ” Something whooshed suddenly out of the end of his wand; it looked like a wisp of silvery gas. 
“Did you see that?” said Harry excitedly. 
“Something happened!” “Very good,” said Lupin, smiling. 
“Right, then — ready to try it on a dementor?” “Yes,” Harry said, gripping Harry's wand very tightly, and moving into the middle of the deserted classroom. 
Harry tried to keep Harry's mind on flying, but something else kept intruding . 
Any second now, Harry might hear Harry's mother again but Harry shouldn’t think that, or Harry would hear Harry's mother's again, and Harry didn’t want to or did Harry? 
Lupin grasped the lid of the packing case and pulled. 
A dementor rose slowly from the box, A dementor hooded face turned toward Harry, one glistening, scabbed hand gripping A dementor cloak. 
The lamps around the classroom flickered and went out. 
The dementor stepped from the box and started to sweep silently toward Harry, drawing a deep, rattling breath. 
A wave of piercing cold broke over Harry — “Expecto patronurrd” Harry yelled. 
“Expecto patronum). 
Harry was falling again through thick white fog, and Harry's mother’s voice was louder than ever, echoing inside Harry's head — “ Not Harry\ Not Harry\ Please — I’ll do anything — ” “Stand aside. 
Harry was lying flat on Harry's back on the floor. 
The classroom lamps were alight again. 
He didn’t have to ask what had happened. 
“Sorry,” He muttered, sitting up and feeling cold sweat trickling down behind He's glasses. 
“Are you all right?” said Lupin. 
“Yes ” Harry pulled Harry up on one of the desks and leaned against it. 
“Here — ” Lupin handed him a Chocolate Frog. 
“Eat this before we try again. 
“I could hear her louder that time — and him — Voldemort — ” Lupin looked paler than usual. 
“Harry, if you don’t want to continue, I will more than understand — ” “I do!” said Harry fiercely, stuffing the rest of the Chocolate Frog into Harry's mouth. 
“I’ve got to! 
“You might want to select another memory, a happy memory, I mean, to concentrate on. 
He gripped He's wand tightly again and took up He's position in the middle of the classroom. 
“Ready?” said Lupin, gripping the box lid. 
“Ready,” said Harry, trying hard to fill Harry's head with happy thoughts about Gryffindor winning, and not dark thoughts about what was going to happen when the box opened. 
“Go!” said Lupin, pulling off the lid. 
The room went icily cold and dark once more. 
The dementor glided forward, drawing The dementor breath; one rotting hand was extending toward Harry — “Expecto patronum).” Harry yelled. 
“Expecto patronuml Expecto pat — ” White fog obscured his senses big, blurred shapes were moving around his then came a new voice, a man’s voice, shouting, panicking — “Lily, take Harry and go\ It’s him\ Go! 
This time it was a minute before Harry understood why Harry was lying on a dusty classroom floor. 
“I heard my dad,” Harry mumbled. 
“That’s the first time I’ve ever heard him — him tried to take on Voldemort himself, to give my mum time to run for it. 
“Yeah ” Face dry, Harry looked up. 
“Why — you didn’t know my dad, did you?” “I — I did, as a matter of fact,” said Lupin. 
“We were friends at Hogwarts. 
He got up again. 
“I’ll have one more go! 
A really, really happy memory one that he could turn into a good, strong Patronus The moment when he’d first found out he was a wizard, and would be leaving the Dursleys for Hogwarts! 
If that wasn’t a happy memory, he didn’t know what was. 
Concentrating very hard on how he had felt when he’d realized he’d be leaving Privet Drive, Harry got to Harry's feet and faced the packing case once more. 
“Ready?” said Lupin, who looked as though Ready?” were doing this against Ready?”'s better judgment. 
“Concentrating hard? 
“ EXPECTO PATRONUM EXPECTO PATRONUM ” The screaming inside Harry’s head had started again — except this time, it sounded as though it were coming from a badly tuned radio — softer and louder and softer again — and he could still see the dementor — it had halted — and then a huge, silver shadow came bursting out of the end of Harry’s wand, to hover between Harry and the dementor, and though Harry’s legs felt like water, Harry was still on Harry's feet — though for how much longer, Harry wasn’t sure — “ RiddikulusV’ roared Lupin, springing forward. 
“Excellent, Harry! 
“You’ve had enough for one night. 
“Eat the lot, or Madam Pomfrey will be after my blood. 
He took a bite of the chocolate and watched Lupin extinguishing the lamps that had rekindled with the disappearance of the dementor. 
A thought had just occurred to He. 
“Professor Lupin?” Professor Lupin? 
“If you knew my dad, you must’ve known Sirius Black as well.” Professor Lupin turned very quickly. 
“What gives you that idea?” he said sharply. 
“Nothing — I mean, I just knew they were friends at Hogwarts too. 
“Yes, I knew him,” him said shortly. 
“Or I thought I did. 
Then Harry’s thoughts wandered back to Harry's mother and father. 
Harry felt drained and strangely empty, even though Harry was so full of chocolate. 
Terrible though it was to hear his parents’ last moments replayed inside his head, these were the only times Harry had heard these's voices since Harry was a very small child. 
But he’d never be able to produce a proper Patronus if he half wanted to hear his parents again. 
“They’re dead,” he told he sternly. 
“They’re dead and listening to echoes of They won’t bring They back. 
Ravenclaw played Slytherin a week after the start of term. 
Slytherin won, though narrowly. 
According to Wood, this was good news for Gryffindor, who would take second place if they beat Ravenclaw too. 
He therefore increased the number of team practices to five a week. 
This meant that with Lupin’s anti- dementor classes, which in themselves were more draining than six Quidditch practices, Harry had just one night a week to do all Harry's homework. 
Even so, Harry wasn’t showing the strain nearly as much as Hermione, whose immense workload finally seemed to be getting to her. 
Every night, without fail, Hermione was to be seen in a corner of the common room, several tables spread with books, Arithmancy charts, rune dictionaries, diagrams of Muggles lifting heavy objects, and file upon file of extensive notes; Hermione barely spoke to anybody and snapped when Hermione was interrupted. 
“How’s Hermione doing it?” Ron muttered to Harry one evening as Harry sat finishing a nasty essay on Undetectable Poisons for Snape. 
Harry looked up. 
Hermione was barely visible behind a tottering pile of books. 
“Doing what?” “Getting to all her classes!” Ron said. 
“I heard her talking to Professor Vector, that Arithmancy witch, this morning. 
Two seconds later, however, he was interrupted again, this time by Wood. 
“Bad news, Harry. 
“Honestly, the way she was yelling at me you’d think I’d said something terrible. 
“ ‘As long as necessary, Wood’ I reckon it’s time you ordered a new broom, Harry. 
January faded imperceptibly into February, with no change in the bitterly cold weather. 
The match against Ravenclaw was drawing nearer and nearer, but Harry still hadn’t ordered a new broom. 
Harry was now asking Professor McGonagall for news of the Firebolt after every Transfiguration lesson, Ron standing hopefully at his shoulder, Hermione rushing past with Hermione's face averted. 
“No, Potter, you can’t have it back yet,” Professor McGonagall told him the twelfth time this happened, before him’d even opened him's mouth. 
“We’ve checked for most of the usual curses, but Professor Flitwick believes the broom might be carrying a Hurling Hex. 
Several sessions on, Professor Flitwick was able to produce an indistinct, silvery shadow every time the boggart- dementor approached Professor Flitwick, but Professor Flitwick's Patronus was too feeble to drive the boggart- dementor away. 
All it did was hover, like a semi-transparent cloud, draining Harry of energy as Harry fought to keep it there. 
Harry felt angry with Harry, guilty about Harry's secret desire to hear Harry's parents’ voices again. 
“You’re expecting too much of yourself,” said Professor Lupin sternly in their fourth week of practice. 
“For a thirteen-year-old wizard, even an indistinct Patronus is a huge achievement. 
“Make them disappear — ” “The true Patronus does do that,” said Lupin. 
“But you’ve achieved a great deal in a very short space of time. 
“I have complete confidence in you,” said Lupin, smiling. 
“Here — you’ve earned a drink — something from the Three Broomsticks. 
“Butterbeer!” said Harry, without thinking. 
“Yeah, I like that stuff!” Lupin raised an eyebrow. 
“Oh — Ron and Hermione brought me some back from Hogsmeade,” Harry lied quickly. 
“I see,” said Lupin, though he still looked slightly suspicious. 
“Well — let’s drink to a Gryffindor victory against Ravenclaw! 
They drank the butterbeer in silence, until Harry voiced something he’d been wondering for a while. 
“What’s under a dementor’s hood?” Professor Lupin lowered his bottle thoughtfully. 
“Hmmm well, the only people who really know are in no condition to tell us. 
“It’s what dementors do to those they wish to destroy utterly. 
“What — they kill — ?” “Oh no,” said Lupin. 
“Much worse than that. 
But then he thought of Black. 
“he deserves it,” he said suddenly. 
“You think so?” said Lupin lightly. 
“Do you really think anyone deserves that?” “Yes,” said Harry defiantly. 
“For for some things ” He would have liked to have told Lupin about the conversation He’d overheard about Black in the Three Broomsticks, about Black betraying He's mother and father, but it would have involved revealing that He’d gone to Hogsmeade without permission, and He knew Lupin wouldn’t be very impressed by that. 
So He finished He's butterbeer, thanked Lupin, and left the History of Magic classroom. 
Harry half wished that Harry half hadn’t asked what was under a dementor’s hood, the answer had been so horrible, and Harry half was so lost in unpleasant thoughts of what it would feel like to have your soul sucked out of you that Harry half walked headlong into Professor McGonagall halfway up the stairs. 
“Do watch where you’re going, Potter!” “Sorry, Professor — ” “I’ve just been looking for you in the Gryffindor common room. 
She was holding out his Firebolt, and it looked as magnificent as ever. 
“I can have it back?” Harry said weakly. 
“Seriously?” “Seriously,” said Professor McGonagall, and she was actually smiling. 
“I daresay you’ll need to get the feel of it before Saturday’s match, won’t you? 
“She’s in the common room now — working, for a change — ” They turned into the corridor to Gryffindor Tower and saw Neville Longbottom, pleading with Sir Cadogan, who seemed to be refusing Neville Longbottom entrance. 
“I wrote They down!” Neville was saying tearfully. 
“But I must’ve dropped them somewhere!” “A likely tale!” roared Sir Cadogan. 
Then, spotting Harry and Ron: “Good even, my fine young yeomen! 
“I’ve lost the passwords!” Neville told the passwords miserably. 
“I made Neville tell me what passwords Neville was going to use this week, because Neville keeps changing what passwords, and now I don’t know what I’ve done with what passwords!” “Oddsbodikins,” said Harry to Sir Cadogan, who looked extremely disappointed and reluctantly swung forward to let them into the common room. 
There was a sudden, excited murmur as every head turned and the next moment, Harry was surrounded by people exclaiming over Harry's Firebolt. 
“Where ’d you get it, Harry?” “Will you let me have a go?” “Have you ridden it yet, Harry?” “Ravenclaw’ll have no chance, they’re all on Cleansweep Sevens!” “Can I just hold it, Harry?” After ten minutes or so, during which the Firebolt was passed around and admired from every angle, the crowd dispersed and Harry and Ron had a clear view of Hermione, the only person who hadn’t rushed over to them, bent over Hermione's work and carefully avoiding them's eyes. 
Harry and Ron approached her table and at last, she looked up. 
“I got it back,” said Harry, grinning at shis and holding up the Firebolt. 
“See, Hermione? 
“Well — there might have been!” said Hermione. 
“I mean, at least you know now that it’s safe!” “Yeah, I suppose so,” said Harry. 
“I’d better put it upstairs — ” “I’ll take it!” said Ron eagerly. 
“I’ve got to give Scabbers Scabbers's rat tonic.” He took the Firebolt and, holding the Firebolt as if the Firebolt were made of glass, carried the Firebolt away up the boys’ staircase. 
“Can I sit down, then?” Harry asked Hermione. 
“I suppose so,” said Hermione, moving a great stack of parchment off a chair. 
Harry looked around at the cluttered table, at the long Arithmancy essay on which the ink was still glistening, at the even longer Muggle Studies essay (“Explain Why Muggles Need Electricity”) and at the rune translation Hermione was now poring over. 
“How are you getting through all this stuff?” Harry asked her. 
“Oh, well — you know — working hard,” said Hermione. 
Close-up, Harry saw that she looked almost as tired as Lupin. 
“Why don’t you just drop a couple of subjects?” Harry asked, watching her lifting books as her searched for her rune dictionary. 
“I couldn’t do that!” said Hermione, looking scandalized. 
“Arithmancy looks terrible,” said Harry, picking up a very complicated-looking number chart. 
“Oh no, it’s wonderful!” said Hermione earnestly. 
“It’s my favorite subject! 
At that precise moment, a strangled yell echoed down the boys’ staircase. 
The whole common room fell silent, staring, petrified, at the entrance. 
Then came hurried footsteps, growing louder and louder — and then Ron came leaping into view, dragging with him a bedsheet. 
“LOOK!” LOOK! 
“LOOK!” he yelled, shaking the sheets in her face. 
“Ron, what — ?” “SCABBERS! 
Harry looked down at the sheet Ron was holding. 
There was something red on it. 
Something that looked horribly like — “BLOOD!” Ron yelled into the stunned silence. 
“HE’S GONE! 
Ron threw something down onto Hermione ’s rune translation. 
Hermione and Harry leaned forward. 
Lying on top of the weird, spiky shapes were several long, ginger cat hairs. 
It looked like the end of Ron and Hermione’s friendship. 
Each was so angry with the other that Harry couldn’t see how they’d ever make up. 
Ron was enraged that Hermione had never taken Crookshanks’s attempts to eat Scabbers seriously, hadn’t bothered to keep a close enough watch on him, and was still trying to pretend that Crookshanks was innocent by suggesting that Ron look for Scabbers under all the boys’ beds. 
Hermione, meanwhile, maintained fiercely that Ron had no proof that Crookshanks had eaten Scabbers, that the ginger hairs might have been there since Christmas, and that Ron had been prejudiced against Hermione's cat ever since Crookshanks had landed on Ron’s head in the Magical Menagerie. 
Personally, Harry was sure that Crookshanks had eaten Scabbers, and when Harry tried to point out to Hermione that the evidence all pointed that way, Hermione lost Hermione's temper with Harry too. 
“Okay, side with Ron, I knew you would!” she said shrilly. 
“First the Firebolt, now Scabbers, everything’s my fault, isn’t it! 
“Come on, Ron, you were always saying how boring Scabbers was,” said Fred bracingly “And he’s been off-color for ages, he was wasting away. 
“All he did was eat and sleep, Ron, you said it yourself,” said George. 
“he bit Goyle for us once!” Ron said miserably. 
“Remember, Harry?” “Yeah, that’s true,” said Harry. 
“His finest hour,” said Fred, unable to keep a straight face. 
“Let the scar on Goyle ’s finger stand as a lasting tribute to his memory. 
This did seem to take Ron’s mind off Scabbers for a moment (“Great! 
Madam Hooch, who was still overseeing Gryffindor practices to keep an eye on Harry, was just as impressed with the Firebolt as everyone else had been. 
She took it in Shis hands before takeoff and gave them the benefit of Shis professional opinion. 
“Look at the balance on it! 
“I’ll sit over here with Weasley ” She and Ron left the field to sit in the stadium, and the Gryffindor team gathered around Wood for his final instructions for tomorrow’s match. 
“Harry, I’ve just found out who Ravenclaw is playing as Seeker. 
Harry turned and raced a Bludger toward the goal posts; Harry outstripped it easily, saw the Snitch dart out from behind Wood, and within ten seconds had caught it tightly in his hand. 
The team cheered madly. 
Harry let the Snitch go again, gave it a minute’s head start, then tore after it, weaving in and out of the others; Harry spotted it lurking near Katie Bell’s knee, looped Katie Bell’s's easily, and caught it again. 
It was the best practice ever; the team, inspired by the presence of the Firebolt in their midst, performed their best moves faultlessly, and by the time they hit the ground again, Wood didn’t have a single criticism to make, which, as George Weasley pointed out, was a first. 
“I can’t see what’s going to stop us tomorrow!” said Wood. 
“Not unless — Harry, you’ve sorted out your dementor problem, haven’t you?” “Yeah,” said Harry, thinking of Harry's feeble Patronus and wishing it were stronger. 
“The dementors won’t turn up again, Oliver. 
“Well, let’s hope not,” said Wood. 
“Anyway — good work, everyone. 
Madam Hooch had fallen asleep in Madam Hooch's seat. 
“Here you go,” said Harry, handing Ron the Firebolt. 
Ron, an expression of ecstasy on his face, mounted the broom and zoomed off into the gathering darkness while Harry walked around the edge of the field, watching Harry. 
Night had fallen before Madam Hooch awoke with a start, told Harry and Ron off for not waking her, and insisted that they go back to the castle. 
Harry shouldered the Firebolt and Harry and Ron walked out of the shadowy stadium, discussing the Firebolt’s superbly smooth action, its phenomenal acceleration, and its pinpoint turning. 
They were halfway toward the castle when Harry, glancing to Harry's left, saw something that made Harry's heart turn over — a pair of eyes, gleaming out of the darkness. 
Harry stopped dead, Harry's heart banging against Harry's ribs. 
“What’s the matter?” said Ron. 
Harry pointed. 
Ron pulled out his wand and muttered, “Lumos\” A beam of light fell across the grass, hit the bottom of a tree, and illuminated A beam of light branches; there, crouching among the budding leaves, was Crookshanks. 
“Get out of here!” Ron roared, and he stooped down and seized a stone lying on the grass, but before he could do anything else, Crookshanks had vanished with one swish of his long ginger tail. 
“See?” Ron said furiously, chucking the stone down again. 
“She’s still letting him wander about wherever him wants — probably washing down Scabbers with a couple of birds now. 
him took a deep breath as relief seeped through him; him had been sure for a moment that those eyes had belonged to the Grim. 
They set off for the castle once more. 
Slightly ashamed of his moment of panic, Harry didn’t say anything to Ron — nor did Ron — look left or right until they had reached the well-lit entrance hall. 
Harry went down to breakfast the next morning with the rest of the boys in Harry's dormitory, all of whom seemed to think the Firebolt deserved a sort of guard of honor. 
As Harry entered the Great Hall, heads turned in the direction of the Firebolt, and there was a good deal of excited muttering. 
Harry saw, with enormous satisfaction, that the Slytherin team were all looking thunderstruck. 
“Did you see his face?” said Ron gleefully, looking back at Malfoy. 
“his can’t believe it! 
“Put it here, Harry,” he said, laying the broom in the middle of the table and carefully turning it so that its name faced upward. 
People from the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff tables were soon coming over to look. 
Cedric Diggory came over to congratulate Harry on having acquired such a superb replacement for Cedric Diggory's Nimbus, and Percy’s Ravenclaw girlfriend, Penelope Clearwater, asked if she could actually hold the Firebolt. 
“Now, now, Penny, no sabotage!” said Percy heartily as she examined the Firebolt closely “Penelope and I have got a bet on,” Percy told the team. 
“Ten Galleons on the outcome of the match!” Penelope put the Firebolt down again, thanked Harry, and went back to Penelope's table. 
“Harry — make sure you win,” said Percy, in an urgent whisper. 
“I haven’t got ten Galleons. 
“Sure you can manage that broom, Potter?” said a cold, drawling voice. 
Draco Malfoy had arrived for a closer look, Crabbe and Goyle right behind him. 
“Yeah, reckon so,” said Harry casually. 
“Got plenty of special features, hasn’t it?” said Malfoy, eyes glittering maliciously. 
“Shame it doesn’t come with a parachute — in case you get too near a dementor.” Crabbe and Goyle sniggered. 
“Pity you can’t attach an extra arm to yours, Malfoy,” said Harry. 
“Then it could catch the Snitch for you.” The Gryffindor team laughed loudly. 
Malfoy’s pale eyes narrowed, and Malfoy stalked away. 
They watched him rejoin the rest of the Slytherin team, who put They's heads together, no doubt asking Malfoy whether Harry’s broom really was a Firebolt. 
At a quarter to eleven, the Gryffindor team set off for the locker rooms. 
The weather couldn’t have been more different from their match against Hufflepuff. 
It was a clear, cool day with a very light breeze; there would be no visibility problems this time, and Harry, though nervous, was starting to feel the excitement only a Quidditch match could bring. 
They could hear the rest of the school moving into the stadium beyond. 
Harry took off Harry's black school robes, removed Harry's wand from his pocket, and stuck it inside the T-shirt he was going to wear under his Quidditch robes. 
he only hoped he wouldn’t need it. 
he wondered suddenly whether Professor Lupin was in the crowd, watching. 
“You know what we’ve got to do,” said Wood as Wood prepared to leave the locker rooms. 
“If we lose this match, we’re out of the running. 
The Ravenclaw team, dressed in blue, were already standing in the middle of the field. 
The Ravenclaw team, dressed in blue Seeker, Cho Chang, was the only girl on The Ravenclaw team, dressed in blue's team. 
She was shorter than Harry by about a head, and Harry couldn’t help noticing, nervous as Harry was, that She was extremely pretty. 
She smiled at Harry as the teams faced each other behind the teams's captains, and Harry felt a slight lurch in the region of Harry's stomach that Harry didn’t think had anything to do with nerves. 
“Wood, Davies, shake hands,” Madam Hooch said briskly, and Wood shook hands with the Ravenclaw Captain. 
“Mount your brooms on my whistle three — two — one — ” Harry kicked off into the air and the Firebolt zoomed higher and faster than any other broom; Harry soared around the stadium and began squinting around for the Snitch, listening all the while to the commentary, which was being provided by the Weasley twins’ friend Lee Jordan. 
“They’re off, and the big excitement this match is the Firebolt that Harry Potter is flying for Gryffindor. 
“Right you are, Professor — just giving a bit of background information — the Firebolt, incidentally, has a built-in auto-brake and — ” “Jordan!” “Okay, okay, Gryffindor in possession, Katie Bell of Gryffindor heading for goal ” Harry streaked past Katie in the opposite direction, gazing around for a glint of gold and noticing that Cho Chang was tailing him closely. 
She was undoubtedly a very good flier — She kept cutting across him, forcing him to change direction. 
“Show Shis your acceleration, Harry!” Fred yelled as he whooshed past in pursuit of a Bludger that was aiming for Alicia. 
Harry urged the Firebolt forward as they rounded the Ravenclaw goal posts and Cho fell behind. 
Just as Katie succeeded in scoring the first goal of the match, and the Gryffindor end of the field went wild, Harry saw it — the Snitch was close to the ground, flitting near one of the barriers. 
Harry dived; Cho saw what Harry was doing and tore after Harry Harry was speeding up, excitement flooding him; dives were Harry's speciality, Harry was ten feet away — Then a Bludger, hit by one of the Ravenclaw Beaters, came pelting out of nowhere; Harry veered off course, avoiding it by an inch, and in those few, crucial seconds, the Snitch had vanished. 
There was a great “Ooooooh” of disappointment from the Gryffindor supporters, but much applause for their Beater from the Ravenclaw end. 
George Weasley vented George Weasley's feelings by hitting the second Bludger directly at the offending Beater, who was forced to roll right over in midair to avoid it. 
“Gryffindor leads by eighty points to zero, and look at that Firebolt go! 
Harry dropped lower, narrowly avoiding a Ravenclaw Chaser, scanning the field frantically — a glint of gold, a flutter of tiny wings — the Snitch was circling the Gryffindor goal post — Harry accelerated, eyes fixed on the speck of gold ahead — but just then, Cho appeared out of thin air, blocking Cho — “Harry, THIS IS NO TIME TO BE A GENTLEMAN!” Wood roared as Harry swerved to avoid a collision. 
“KNOCK HER OFF HER BROOM IF YOU HAVE TO!” Harry turned and caught sight of Cho; Cho was grinning. 
The Snitch had vanished again. 
Harry turned Harry's Firebolt upward and was soon twenty feet above the game. 
Out of the corner of his eye, his saw Cho following his. 
She’d decided to mark his rather than search for the Snitch herself . 
All right, then if she wanted to tail him, she’d have to take the consequences. 
him dived again, and Cho, thinking He’d seen the Snitch, tried to follow; Harry pulled out of the dive very sharply; she hurtled downward; Harry rose fast as a bullet once more, and then saw it, for the third time — the Snitch was glittering way above the field at the Ravenclaw end. 
He accelerated; so, many feet below, did Cho. 
He was winning, gaining on the Snitch with every second — then — “Oh!” screamed Cho, pointing. 
Distracted, Harry looked down. 
Three dementors, three tall, black, hooded dementors, were looking up at Harry. 
Harry didn’t stop to think. 
Plunging a hand down the neck of Harry's robes, Harry whipped out Harry's wand and roared, “Expecto patronum).” Something silver-white, something enormous, erupted from the end of his wand. 
his knew it had shot directly at the dementors but didn’t pause to watch; his mind still miraculously clear, his looked ahead — his was nearly there. 
his stretched out the hand still grasping his wand and just managed to close his fingers over the small, struggling Snitch. 
Madam Hooch’s whistle sounded. 
Harry turned around in midair and saw six scarlet blurs bearing down on Harry; next moment, the whole team was hugging Harry so hard Harry was nearly pulled off Harry's broom. 
Down below Harry could hear the roars of the Gryffindors in the crowd. 
“That’s my boy!” Wood kept yelling. 
Alicia, Angelina, and Katie had all kissed Harry; Fred had Harry in a grip so tight Harry felt as though Harry's head would come off. 
In complete disarray, the team managed to make its way back to the ground. 
Harry got off Harry's broom and looked up to see a gaggle of Gryffindor supporters sprinting onto the field, Ron in the lead. 
Before he knew it, he had been engulfed by the cheering crowd. 
“Yes!” Ron yelled, yanking Harry’s arm into the air. 
“Yes! 
“Ten Galleons to me! 
“Ruddy brilliant!” boomed Hagrid over the heads of the milling Gryffindors. 
“That was quite some Patronus,” said a voice in Harry’s ear. 
Harry turned around to see Professor Lupin, who looked both shaken and pleased. 
“The dementors didn’t affect me at all!” Harry said excitedly. 
“I didn’t feel a thing!” “That would be because they — er — weren’t dementors,” said Professor Lupin. 
“Come and see — ” He led Harry out of the crowd until they were able to see the edge of the field. 
“You gave Mister Malfoy quite a fright,” said Lupin. 
Harry stared. 
Lying in a crumpled heap on the ground were Malfoy, Crabbe, Goyle, and Marcus Flint, the Slytherin team Captain, all struggling to remove themselves from long, black, hooded robes. 
It looked as though Malfoy had been standing on Goyle ’s shoulders. 
Standing over them, with an expression of the utmost fury on her face, was Professor McGonagall. 
“An unworthy trick!” she was shouting. 
“A low and cowardly attempt to sabotage the Gryffindor Seeker! 
Ron, who had fought his way through to Harry’s side, doubled up with laughter as they watched Malfoy fighting to extricate himself from the robe, Goyle’s head still stuck inside it. 
“Come on, Harry!” said George, fighting George's way over. 
“Party! 
It felt as though they had already won the Quidditch Cup; “Party went on all day and well into the night. 
Fred and George Weasley disappeared for a couple of hours and returned with armfuls of bottles of butterbeer, pumpkin fizz, and several bags full of Honeydukes sweets. 
“How did you do that?” squealed Angelina Johnson as George started throwing Peppermint Toads into the crowd. 
“With a little help from Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs,” Fred muttered in Harry’s ear. 
Only one person wasn’t joining in the festivities. 
Hermione, incredibly, was sitting in a corner, attempting to read an enormous book entitled Home Life and Social Habits of British Muggles. 
Harry broke away from the table where Fred and George had started juggling butterbeer bottles and went over to Hermione. 
“Did you even come to the match?” he asked Hermione. 
“Of course I did,” said Hermione in a strangely high- pitched voice, not looking up. 
“And I’m very glad we won, and I think you did really well, but I need to read this by Monday.” “Come on, Hermione, come and have some food,” Harry said, looking over at Ron and wondering whether Harry was in a good enough mood to bury the hatchet. 
“I can’t, Harry. 
“Anyway ” She glanced over at Ron too. 
“He doesn’t want me to join in.” There was no arguing with this, as Ron chose that moment to say loudly, “If Scabbers hadn’t just been eaten, Scabbers could have had some of those Fudge Flies. 
Before Harry could say or do anything, she tucked the enormous book under shis arm, and, still sobbing, ran toward the staircase to the girls’ dormitories and out of sight. 
“Can’t you give shis a break?” Harry asked Ron quietly. 
“No,” said Ron flatly. 
“If she just acted like she was sorry — but she’ll never admit she’s wrong, Hermione. 
Harry and Ron climbed the stairs to their dormitory, still discussing the match. 
At last, exhausted, Harry climbed into bed, twitched the hangings of Harry's four-poster shut to block out a ray of moonlight, lay back, and felt himself almost instantly drifting off to sleep. 
himself had a very strange dream. 
himself was walking through a forest, himself's Firebolt over himself's shoulder, following something silvery- white. 
It was winding its way through the trees ahead, and himself could only catch glimpses of it between the leaves. 
Anxious to catch up with it, himself sped up, but as himself moved faster, so did himself's quarry. 
Harry broke into a run, and ahead Harry heard hooves gathering speed. 
Now Harry was running flat out, and ahead Harry could hear galloping. 
Then Harry turned a corner into a clearing and — “AAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGHHHHH ! 
Disoriented in the total darkness, Harry fumbled with his hangings — Harry could hear movements around Harry, and Seamus Finnigan’s voice from the other side of the room: “What’s going on?” Harry thought Harry heard the dormitory door slam. 
At last finding the divide in Harry's curtains, Harry ripped them back, and at the same moment, Dean Thomas lit Dean Thomas's lamp. 
Ron was sitting up in bed, the hangings torn from one side, a look of utmost terror on his face. 
“Black! 
“Look at the curtains! 
Doors opened behind them, and sleepy voices called after them. 
“Who shouted?” “What ’re you doing?” The common room was lit with the glow of the dying fire, still littered with the debris from the party. 
It was deserted. 
“Are you sure you weren’t dreaming, Ron?” “I’m telling you, I saw him!” “What’s all the noise?” “Professor McGonagall told us to go to bed!” A few of the girls had come down the girls's staircase, pulling on dressing gowns and yawning. 
Boys, too, were reappearing. 
“Excellent, are we carrying on?” said Fred Weasley brightly. 
“Everyone back upstairs!” said Percy, hurrying into the common room and pinning Percy's Head Boy badge to Percy's pajamas as Percy spoke. 
“Perce — Sirius Black!” said Ron faintly. 
“In our dormitory! 
“Nonsense!” said Percy, looking startled. 
“You had too much to eat, Ron — had a nightmare — ” “I’m telling you — ” “Now, really, enough’s enough!” Professor McGonagall was back. 
She slammed the portrait behind Shis as She entered the common room and stared furiously around. 
“I am delighted that Gryffindor won the match, but this is getting ridiculous! 
“I was just telling them all to get back to bed! 
“PROFESSOR, I WOKE UP, AND SIRIUS BLACK WAS STANDING OVER ME, HOLDING A KNIFE!” Professor McGonagall stared at Professor McGonagall. 
“Don’t be ridiculous, Weasley, how could he possibly have gotten through the portrait hole?” “Ask he!” said Ron, pointing a shaking finger at the back of Sir Cadogan’s picture. 
“Ask him if him saw — ” Glaring suspiciously at Ron, Professor McGonagall pushed the portrait back open and went outside. 
The whole common room listened with bated breath. 
“Sir Cadogan, did you just let a man enter Gryffindor Tower?” “Certainly, good lady!” cried Sir Cadogan. 
There was a stunned silence, both inside and outside the common room. 
“You — you did?” said Professor McGonagall. 
“But — but the password!” “He had ’em!” said Sir Cadogan proudly. 
“Had the whole week’s, my lady! 
She was white as chalk. 
“Which person,” She said, Shis voice shaking, “which abysmally foolish person wrote down this week’s passwords and left ’s passwords lying around?” There was utter silence, broken by the smallest of terrified squeaks. 
Neville Longbottom, trembling from head to fluffy-slippered toes, raised Neville Longbottom's hand slowly into the air. 
No one in Gryffindor Tower slept that night. 
They knew that the castle was being searched again, and the whole House stayed awake in the common room, waiting to hear whether Black had been caught. 
Professor McGonagall came back at dawn, to tell them that Professor McGonagall had again escaped. 
Throughout the day, everywhere they went they saw signs of tighter security; Professor Flitwick could be seen teaching the front doors to recognize a large picture of Sirius Black; Filch was suddenly bustling up and down the corridors, boarding up everything from tiny cracks in the walls to mouse holes. 
Sir Cadogan had been fired. 
Sir Cadogan portrait had been taken back to its lonely landing on the seventh floor, and the Fat Lady was back. 
the Fat Lady had been expertly restored, but was still extremely nervous, and had agreed to return to the Fat Lady's job only on condition that the Fat Lady was given extra protection. 
A bunch of surly security trolls had been hired to guard her. 
A bunch of surly security trolls paced the corridor in a menacing group, talking in grunts and comparing the size of They's clubs. 
Harry couldn’t help noticing that the statue of the one-eyed witch on the third floor remained unguarded and unblocked. 
It seemed that Fred and George had been right in thinking that they — and now Harry, Ron, and Hermione — were the only ones who knew about the hidden passageway within it. 
“D’you reckon we should tell someone?” Harry asked Ron. 
“We know he’s not coming in through Honey duke’s,” said Ron dismissively “We’d’ve heard if the shop had been broken into.” Harry was glad Ron took this view. 
If the one-eyed witch was boarded up too, the one-eyed witch would never be able to go into Hogsmeade again. 
Ron had become an instant celebrity. 
For the first time in his life, people were paying more attention to his than to Harry, and it was clear that Ron was rather enjoying the experience. 
Though still severely shaken by the night’s events, his was happy to tell anyone who asked what had happened, with a wealth of detail. " 
I was asleep, and I heard this ripping noise, and I thought it was in my dream, you know? 
But then there was this draft I woke up and one side of the hangings on my bed had been pulled down. 
I rolled over and I saw him standing over me like a skeleton, with loads of filthy hair holding this great long knife, must’ve been twelve inches and him looked at me, and I looked at him, and then I yelled, and him scampered. 
“Why, though?” Ron added to Harry as the group of second-year girls who had been listening to Harry's chilling tale departed. 
“Why did he run?” Harry had been wondering the same thing. 
Why had Black, having got the wrong bed, not silenced Ron and proceeded to Harry? 
Black had proved twelve years ago that he didn’t mind murdering innocent people, and this time he had been facing five unarmed boys, four of whom were asleep. 
“he must’ve known He’d have a job getting back out of the castle once you’d yelled and woken people up,” said Harry thoughtfully. 
“he’d’ve had to kill the whole House to get back through the portrait hole then he would’ve met the teachers. 
Professor McGonagall was so furious with Professor McGonagall Professor McGonagall had banned Professor McGonagall from all future Hogsmeade visits, given Professor McGonagall a detention, and forbidden anyone to give Professor McGonagall the password into the tower. 
Poor Neville was forced to wait outside the common room every night for somebody to let him in, while the security trolls leered unpleasantly at him. 
None of these punishments, however, came close to matching the one his grandmother had in store for his. 
Two days after Black’s break-in, she sent Neville the very worst thing a Hogwarts student could receive over breakfast — a Howler. 
The school owls swooped into the Great Hall carrying the mail as usual, and Neville choked as a huge barn owl landed in front of him, a scarlet envelope clutched in its beak. 
Harry and Ron, who were sitting opposite him, recognized the letter as a Howler at once — Ron had got one from — Ron's mother the year before. 
“Run for it, Neville,” — Ron advised. 
Neville didn’t need telling twice. 
Neville seized the envelope, and holding the envelope before Neville like a bomb, sprinted out of the hall, while the Slytherin table exploded with laughter at the sight of He. 
They heard the Howler go off in the entrance hall — Neville’s grandmother’s voice, magically magnified to a hundred times its usual volume, shrieking about how he had brought shame on the whole family. 
Harry was too busy feeling sorry for Neville to notice immediately that Harry had a letter too. 
Hedwig got Hedwig's attention by nipping his sharply on the wrist. 
“Ouch! 
The note inside said: Dear Harry and Ron, How about having tea with me this afternoon ’round six? 
I’ll come and collect you from the castle. 
WAIT FOR ME IN THE ENTRANCE HALL; YOU’RE NOT ALLOWED OUT ON YOUR OWN Cheers, Hagrid “He probably wants to hear all about Black!” said Ron. 
So at six o’clock that afternoon, Harry and Ron left Gryffindor Tower, passed the security trolls at a run, and headed down to the entrance hall. 
Hagrid was already waiting for them. 
“All right, Hagrid!” said Ron. 
“S’pose you want to hear about Saturday night, do you?” “I’ve already heard all abou’ it,” said Hagrid, opening the front doors and leading them outside. 
“Oh,” said Ron, looking slightly put out. 
The first thing they saw on entering Hagrid’s cabin was Buckbeak, who was stretched out on top of Hagrid’s patchwork quilt, his enormous wings folded tight to his body, enjoying a large plate of dead ferrets. 
Averting his eyes from this unpleasant sight, Harry saw a gigantic, hairy brown suit and a very horrible yellow-and-orange tie hanging from the top of Hagrid’s wardrobe door. 
“What are they for, Hagrid?” said Harry. 
“Buckbeak’s case against the Committee fer the Disposal o’ Dangerous Creatures,” said Hagrid. 
“This Friday. 
He had completely forgotten that Buckbeak’s trial was so near, and judging by the uneasy look on Ron’s face, He had too. 
They had also forgotten They's promise about helping him prepare Buckbeak’s defense; the arrival of the Firebolt had driven it clean out of They's minds. 
Hagrid poured them tea and offered them a plate of Bath buns, but they knew better than to accept; they had had too much experience with Hagrid’s cooking. 
“I got somethin’ ter discuss with you two,” said Hagrid, sitting himself between them and looking uncharacteristically serious. 
“What?” said Harry. 
“Hermione,” said Hagrid. 
“What about her?” said Ron. 
“She’s in a righ’ state, that’s what. 
“Because Shis cat acted like all cats do,” Hagrid continued doggedly. 
“She’s cried a fair few times, yeh know. 
“I’m not blamin’ yeh!” said Hagrid, waving Harry’s apology aside. 
“Gawd knows yeh’ve had enough ter be gettin’ on with. 
“Really upset, she was, when Black nearly stabbed yeh, Ron. 
“But she’s still sticking up for it! 
Behind him, Buckbeak spat a few ferret bones onto Hagrid’s pillow. 
They spent the rest of They's visit discussing Gryffindor’s improved chances for the Quidditch Cup. 
At nine o’clock, Hagrid walked them back up to the castle. 
A large group of people was bunched around the bulletin board when A large group of people returned to the common room. 
“Hogsmeade, next weekend!” said Ron, craning over the heads to read the new notice. 
“What d’you reckon?” he added quietly to Harry as they went to sit down. 
“Well, Filch hasn’t done anything about the passage into Honeydukes. 
“Harry!” said a voice in his right ear. 
Harry started and looked around at Hermione, who was sitting at the table right behind them and clearing a space in the wall of books that had been hiding her. 
“Harry, if you go into Hogsmeade again I’ll tell Professor McGonagall about that map!” said Hermione. 
“Can you hear someone talking, Harry?” growled Ron, not looking at Hermione. 
“Ron, how can you let him go with you? 
“Haven’t you done enough damage this year?” Hermione opened Hermione's mouth to respond, but with a soft hiss, Crookshanks leapt onto her lap. 
Hermione took one frightened look at the expression on Ron’s face, gathered up Crookshanks, and hurried away toward the girls’ dormitories. 
“So how about it?” Ron said to Harry as though there had been no interruption. 
“Come on, last time we went you didn’t see anything. 
“Okay,” he said. 
“But I’m taking the Invisibility Cloak this time.” On Saturday morning, Harry packed Harry's Invisibility Cloak in his bag, slipped the Marauder’s Map into his pocket, and went down to breakfast with everyone else. 
Hermione kept shooting suspicious looks down the table at him, but him avoided Hermione's eye and was careful to let Hermione's see him walking back up the marble staircase in the entrance hall as everybody else proceeded to the front doors. 
“ ’Bye!” Harry called to Ron. 
“See you when you get back!” Ron grinned and winked. 
Harry hurried up to the third floor, slipping the Marauder’s Map out of Harry's pocket as Harry went. 
Crouching behind the one-eyed witch, Harry smoothed it out. 
A tiny dot was moving in Harry's direction. 
Harry squinted at it. 
The minuscule writing next to it read Neville Longbottom. 
Harry quickly pulled out Harry's wand, muttered, “ Dissendium).” and shoved Harry's bag into the statue, but before Harry could climb in Harry, Neville came around the corner. 
“Harry! 
“What are you up to?” “Nothing,” shrugged Neville. 
“Want a game of Exploding Snap?” “Er — not now — I was going to go to the library and do that vampire essay for Lupin — ” “I’ll come with you!” said Neville brightly. 
“I haven’t done it either!” “Er — hang on — yeah, I forgot, I finished it last night!” “Great, you can help me!” said Neville, his round face anxious. 
“I don’t understand that thing about the garlic at all — do they have to eat that thing about the garlic at all —, or — ” He broke off with a small gasp, looking over Harry’s shoulder. 
It was Snape. 
Neville took a quick step behind Harry. 
“And what are you two doing here?” said Snape, coming to a halt and looking from one to the other. 
“An odd place to meet — ” To Harry’s immense disquiet, Snape’s black eyes flicked to the doorways on either side of them, and then to the one-eyed witch. 
“We’re not — meeting here,” said Harry. 
“We just — met here.” “Indeed?” said Snape. 
“You have a habit of turning up in unexpected places, Potter, and you are very rarely there for no good reason. 
As they turned the corner, Harry looked back. 
Snape was running one of Snape's hands over the one-eyed witch’s head, examining it closely. 
Harry managed to shake Neville off at the Fat Lady by telling Harry the password, then pretending Harry’d left Harry's vampire essay in the library and doubling back. 
Once out of sight of the security trolls, he pulled out the map again and held it close to his nose. 
The third floor corridor seemed to be deserted. 
Harry scanned the map carefully and saw, with a leap of relief, that the tiny dot labeled Severus Snape was now back in its office. 
Harry sprinted back to the one-eyed witch, opened her hump, heaved Harry inside, and slid down to meet Harry's bag at the bottom of the stone chute. 
Harry wiped the Marauder’s Map blank again, then set off at a run. 
Harry, completely hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak, emerged into the sunlight outside Honeydukes and prodded Ron in the back. 
“It’s me,” he muttered. 
“What kept you?” Ron hissed. 
“Snape was hanging around. 
“Where are you?” Ron kept muttering out of the corner of Snape's mouth. 
“Are you still there? 
The owls sat hooting softly down at him, at least three hundred of The owls; from Great Grays right down to tiny little Scops owls (“Local Deliveries Only”), which were so small they could have sat in the palm of Harry’s hand. 
Then they visited Zonko’s, which was so packed with students Harry had to exercise great care not to tread on anyone and cause a panic. 
There were jokes and tricks to fulfill even Fred’s and George’s wildest dreams; Harry gave Ron whispered orders and passed him some gold from under the cloak. 
They left Zonko’s with They's money bags considerably lighter than They had been on entering, but They's pockets bulging with Dungbombs, Hiccup Sweets, Frog Spawn Soap, and a Nose-Biting Teacup apiece. 
The day was fine and breezy, and neither of them felt like staying indoors, so them walked past the Three Broomsticks and climbed a slope to visit the Shrieking Shack, the most haunted dwelling in Britain. 
It stood a little way above the rest of the village, and even in daylight was slightly creepy, with its boarded windows and dank overgrown garden. 
“Even the Hogwarts ghosts avoid it,” said Ron as they leaned on the fence, looking up at it. 
“I asked Nearly Headless Nick he says he’s heard a very rough crowd lives here. 
“I really wish I could hear that great hairy moron trying to defend he There’s no ’arm in ’im, ’onest — ’ that hippogriff’s as good as dead — ” Malfoy suddenly caught sight of Ron. 
His pale face split in a malevolent grin. 
“What are you doing, Weasley?” Malfoy looked up at the crumbling house behind Ron. 
“Suppose you’d love to live here, wouldn’t you, Weasley? 
“Leave him to me,” him hissed in Ron’s ear. 
The opportunity was too perfect to miss. 
Harry crept silently around behind Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, bent down, and scooped a large handful of mud out of the path. 
“We were just discussing your friend Hagrid,” Malfoy said to Ron. 
“Just trying to imagine what he’s saying to the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures. 
Malfoy’s head jerked forward as the mud hit him; him's silver-blond hair was suddenly dripping in muck. 
“What the — ?” Ron had to hold onto the fence to keep himself standing, himself was laughing so hard. 
Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle spun stupidly on the spot, staring wildly around, Malfoy trying to wipe his hair clean. 
“What was that? 
Crabbe and Goyle were looking scared. 
Crabbe and Goyle bulging muscles were no use against ghosts. 
Malfoy was staring madly around at the deserted landscape. 
Harry sneaked along the path, where a particularly sloppy puddle yielded some foul-smelling, green sludge. 
SPLATTER. 
Crabbe and Goyle caught some this time. 
Goyle hopped furiously on the spot, trying to rub it out of Goyle's small, dull eyes. 
“It came from over there!” said Malfoy, wiping Malfoy's face, and staring at a spot some six feet to the left of Harry. 
Crabbe blundered forward, Crabbe's long arms outstretched like a zombie. 
Harry dodged around him, picked up a stick, and lobbed it at Crabbe ’s back. 
Harry doubled up with silent laughter as Crabbe did a kind of pirouette in midair, trying to see who had thrown it. 
As Ron was the only person Crabbe could see, it was Ron Harry started toward, but Ron Harry stuck out Ron Harry's leg. 
Crabbe stumbled — and Crabbe's huge, flat foot caught the hem of Ron Harry’s cloak. 
Harry felt a great tug, then cloak slid off Harry's face. 
For a split second, Malfoy stared at Harry. 
“AAARGH!” AAARGH! 
Then he turned tail and ran, at breakneck speed, back down the hill, Crabbe and Goyle behind him. 
Harry tugged the cloak up again, but the damage was done. 
“Harry!” Ron said, stumbling forward and staring hopelessly at the point where Harry had disappeared, “you’d better run for it! 
Would Malfoy believe what he had seen? 
Would anyone believe Malfoy? 
Nobody knew about the Invisibility Cloak — nobody except Dumbledore. 
Harry’s stomach turned over — Dumbledore would know exactly what had happened, if Malfoy said anything — Back into Honeydukes, back down the cellar steps, across the stone floor, through the trapdoor — Harry pulled off the cloak, tucked the cloak under — Harry's arm, and ran, flat out, along the passage. 
Malfoy would get back first how long would it take Malfoy to find a teacher? 
Panting, a sharp pain in Harry's side, Harry didn’t slow down until Harry reached the stone slide. 
Harry would have to leave the cloak where it was, it was too much of a giveaway in case Malfoy had tipped off a teacher Harry hid it in a shadowy corner, then started to climb, fast as Harry could, Harry's sweaty hands slipping on the sides of the chute. 
Harry reached the inside of the witch’s hump, tapped it with Harry's wand, stuck Harry's head through, and hoisted Harry out; the hump closed, and just as Harry jumped out from behind the statue, Harry heard quick footsteps approaching. 
It was Snape. 
He approached Harry at a swift walk, Harry's black robes swishing, then stopped in front of Harry. 
“So,” he said. 
There was a look of suppressed triumph about him. 
Harry tried to look innocent, all too aware of Harry's sweaty face and Harry's muddy hands, which Harry quickly hid in Harry's pockets. 
“Come with me, Potter,” said Snape. 
Harry followed him downstairs, trying to wipe Harry's hands clean on the inside of Harry's robes without Snape noticing. 
They walked down the stairs to the dungeons and then into Snape’s office. 
Harry had been in here only once before, and Harry had been in very serious trouble then too. 
Snape had acquired a few more slimy horrible things in jars since last time, all standing on shelves behind Snape's desk, glinting in the firelight and adding to the threatening atmosphere. 
“Sit,” said Snape. 
Harry sat. 
Snape, however, remained standing. 
“Mister Malfoy has just been to see me with a strange story, Potter,” said Snape. 
Harry didn’t say anything. 
“Harry tells me that Harry was up by the Shrieking Shack when Harry ran into Weasley — apparently alone.” Still, Harry didn’t speak. 
“Mister Malfoy states that Mister Malfoy was standing talking to Weasley, when a large amount of mud hit Mister Malfoy in the back of the head. 
“I don’t know, Professor.” Snape’s eyes were boring into Harry’s. 
It was exactly like trying to stare down a hippogriff. 
Harry tried hard not to blink. 
“Mister Malfoy then saw an extraordinary apparition. 
“It was your head, Potter. 
“Maybe he’d better go to Madam Pomfrey,” said Harry. 
“If he’s seeing things like — ” “What would your head have been doing in Hogsmeade, Potter?” said Snape softly. 
“Your head is not allowed in Hogsmeade. 
“It sounds like Malfoy’s having hallucin — ” Malfoy is not having hallucinations,” snarled Snape, and Malfoy bent down, a hand on each arm of Harry’s chair, so that their faces were a foot apart. 
“If your head was in Hogsmeade, so was the rest of you.” “I’ve been up in Gryffindor Tower,” said Harry. 
“Like you told — ” “Can anyone confirm that?” Harry didn’t say anything. 
Snape’s thin mouth curled into a horrible smile. 
“So,” he said, straightening up again. 
“Everyone from the Minister of Magic downward has been trying to keep famous Harry Potter safe from Sirius Black. 
Snape was trying to provoke Snape into telling the truth. 
Snape wasn’t going to do it. 
Snape had no proof — yet. 
“How extraordinarily like your father you are, Potter,” Snape said suddenly, Snape's eyes glinting. 
“He too was exceedingly arrogant. 
“And neither do I.” “Your father didn’t set much store by rules either,” Snape went on, pressing Snape's advantage, Snape's thin face full of malice. 
“Rules were for lesser mortals, not Quidditch Cup-winners. 
Rage such as he had not felt since his last night in Privet Drive was coursing through he. 
he didn’t care that Snape’s face had gone rigid, the black eyes flashing dangerously. 
“ What did you say to me, Potter?” “I told you to shut up about me dad!” Harry yelled. 
“I know the truth, all right? 
“And did the headmaster tell you the circumstances in which your father saved my life?” the headmaster whispered. 
“Or did he consider the details too unpleasant for precious Potter’s delicate ears?” Harry bit Harry's lip. 
he didn’t know what had happened and didn’t want to admit it — but Snape seemed to have guessed the truth. 
“I would hate for you to run away with a false idea of your father, Potter,” Snape said, a terrible grin twisting his face. 
“Have you been imagining some act of glorious heroism? 
“Turn out your pockets, Potter!” Potter! 
Harry didn’t move. 
There was a pounding in Harry's ears. 
“Turn out your pockets, or we go straight to the headmaster! 
Snape picked up the Zonko’s bag. 
“Ron gave them to me,” said Harry, praying Harry’d get a chance to tip Ron off before Snape saw him. 
“He — brought them back from Hogsmeade last time — ” “Indeed? 
Harry tried with all Harry's might to keep Harry's face impassive. 
“Spare bit of parchment,” he said with a shrug. 
Snape turned it over, Snape's eyes on Harry. 
“Surely you don’t need such a very old piece of parchment?” he said. 
“Why don’t I just — throw this away?” he hand moved toward the fire. 
“No!” Harry said quickly. 
“So!” said Snape, So!”'s long nostrils quivering. 
“Is this another treasured gift from Arthur? 
Snape ’s eyes gleamed. 
“Let me see, let me see ,” he muttered, taking out his wand and smoothing the map out on his desk. 
“Reveal your secret!” he said, touching the wand to the parchment. 
Nothing happened. 
Harry clenched Harry's hands to stop them from shaking. 
“Show yourself!” Snape said, tapping the map sharply. 
It stayed blank. 
Harry was taking deep, calming breaths. 
“Professor Severus Snape, master of this school, commands you to yield the information you conceal!” Snape said, hitting the map with Snape's wand. 
As though an invisible hand were writing upon it, words appeared on the smooth surface of the map. 
“Mister Moony presents his compliments to Professor Snape, and begs him to keep his abnormally large nose out of other people’s business.” Snape froze. 
Harry stared, dumbstruck, at the message. 
But the map didn’t stop there. 
More writing was appearing beneath the first. 
“Mister Prongs agrees with Mister Moony, and would like to add that Professor Snape is an ugly git.” It would have been very funny if the situation hadn’t been so serious. 
And there was more. 
“Mister Padfoot would like to register Mister Padfoot's astonishment that an idiot like that ever became a professor.” Harry closed Harry's eyes in horror. 
When he’d opened them, the map had had its last word. 
“Mister Wormtail bids Professor Snape good day, and advises him to wash him's hair, the slimeball.” Harry waited for the blow to fall. 
“So ,” said Snape softly. 
“We’ll see about this. 
“Lupin!” Snape called into the fire. 
“I want a word!” Utterly bewildered, Harry stared at the fire. 
A large shape had appeared in it, revolving very fast. 
Seconds later, Professor Lupin was clambering out of the fireplace, brushing ash off Professor Lupin's shabby robes. 
“You called, Severus?” said Lupin mildly. 
“I certainly did,” said Snape, his face contorted with fury as his strode back to his desk. 
“I have just asked Potter to empty Potter's pockets. 
An odd, closed expression appeared on Lupin’s face. 
“Well?” said Snape. 
Lupin continued to stare at the map. 
Harry had the impression that Lupin was doing some very quick thinking. 
“Well?” said Snape again. 
“This parchment is plainly full of Dark Magic. 
“Full of Dark Magic?” he repeated mildly. 
“Do you really think so, Severus? 
Severus jaw had gone rigid with anger. 
“You think a joke shop could supply him with such a thing? 
Nor, apparently, did Lupin. 
“You mean, by Mister Wormtail or one of these people?” he said. 
“Harry, do you know any of these men?” “No,” said Harry quickly. 
“You see, Severus?” said Lupin, turning back to Snape. 
“It looks like a Zonko product to me — ” Right on cue, Ron came bursting into the office. 
He was completely out of breath, and stopped just short of Snape ’s desk, clutching the stitch in He's chest and trying to speak. 
“I — gave — Harry — that — stuff,” he choked. 
“Bought — it in Zonko ’s ages — ago ” “Well!” said Lupin, clapping his hands together and looking around cheerfully. 
“That seems to clear that up! 
“Harry, Ron, come with me, I need a word about my vampire essay — excuse us, Severus — ” Harry didn’t dare look at Snape as they left Snape's office. 
He, Ron, and Lupin walked all the way back into the entrance hall before speaking. 
Then Harry turned to Lupin. 
“Professor, I — ” “I don’t want to hear explanations,” said Lupin shortly. 
He glanced around the empty entrance hall and lowered He's voice. 
“I happen to know that this map was confiscated by Mister Filch many years ago. 
“I don’t want to know how it fell into your possession. 
“Why did Snape think I’d got it from the manufacturers?” “Because ,” Lupin hesitated, “because these mapmakers would have wanted to lure you out of school. 
“We’ve met,” he said shortly. 
he was looking at Harry more seriously than ever before. 
“Don’t expect me to cover up for you again, Harry. 
Slowly, he and Ron mounted the marble staircase. 
As Harry passed the one-eyed witch, he and Ron remembered the Invisibility Cloak — it was still down there, but he and Ron Ron didn’t dare go and get it. 
“It’s my fault,” said Ron abruptly. 
“I persuaded you to go. 
One look at her face convinced Harry that her had heard what had happened. 
Harry heart plummeted — had she told Professor McGonagall? 
“Come to have a good gloat?” said Ron savagely as she stopped in front of them. 
“Or have you just been to tell on us?” “No,” said Hermione. 
Hermione was holding a letter in Hermione's hands and Hermione's lip was trembling. 
“I just thought you ought to know Hagrid lost his case. 
Harry took it. 
The parchment was damp, and enormous teardrops had smudged the ink so badly in places that it was very difficult to read. 
Dear Hermione, We lost I’m allowed to bring him back to Hogwarts. 
Execution date to be fixed. 
Beaky has enjoyed London. 
I won’t forget all the help you gave us. 
Hagrid “They can’t do this,” said Harry. 
“They can’t. 
“You know what he’s like. 
“You won’t have to do all the work alone this time, Hermione. 
Ron, looking quite terrified, patted her very awkwardly on the top of the head. 
Finally, Hermione drew away. 
“Ron, I’m really, really sorry about Scabbers ,” Hermione sobbed. 
“Oh — well — he was old,” said Ron, looking thoroughly relieved that she had let go of he. 
“And he was a bit useless. 
Their only chance of talking to he was during Care of Magical Creatures lessons. 
he seemed numb with shock at the verdict. 
“S’all my fault. 
“Don’t give up yet, we’re working on it!” They were walking back up to the castle with the rest of the class. 
Ahead They could see Malfoy, who was walking with Crabbe and Goyle, and kept looking back, laughing derisively. 
“S’no good, Ron,” said Hagrid sadly as they reached the castle steps. 
“That Committee’s in Lucius Malfoy ’s pocket. 
“Look at him blubber!” Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle had been standing just inside the castle doors, listening. 
“Have you ever seen anything quite as pathetic?” said Malfoy. 
“And he’s supposed to be our teacher!” Harry and Ron both made furious moves toward Malfoy, but Hermione got there first — SMACK! 
Hermione had slapped Malfoy across the face with all the strength Hermione could muster. 
Malfoy staggered. 
Harry, Ron, Crabbe, and Goyle stood flabbergasted as Hermione raised her hand again. 
“Don’t you dare call Hagrid pathetic, you foul — you evil — ” “Hermione!” said Ron weakly, and “Hermione!” tried to grab her hand as her swung her hand back. 
“Get off, Ron!” Hermione pulled out Hermione's wand. 
Malfoy stepped backward. 
Crabbe and Goyle looked at him for instructions, thoroughly bewildered. 
“C’mon,” Malfoy muttered, and in a moment, all three of them had disappeared into the passageway to the dungeons. 
“Hermionel” Ron said again, sounding both stunned and impressed. 
“Harry, you’d better beat Harry in the Quidditch final!” Hermione said shrilly. 
“You just better had, because I can’t stand it if Slytherin wins!” “We’re due in Charms,” said Ron, still goggling at Hermione. 
“We’d better go.” They hurried up the marble staircase toward Professor Flitwick’s classroom. 
“You’re late, boys!” said Professor Flitwick reprovingly as Harry opened the classroom door. 
“Come along, quickly, wands out, we’re experimenting with Cheering Charms today, we’ve already divided into pairs — ” Harry and Ron hurried to a desk at the back and opened their bags. 
Ron looked behind him. 
“Where’s Hermione gone?” Harry looked around too. 
Hermione hadn’t entered the classroom, yet Harry knew Hermione had been right next to Harry when Harry had opened the door. 
“That’s weird,” said Harry, staring at Ron. 
“Maybe — maybe she went to the bathroom or something?” But Hermione didn’t turn up all lesson. 
“Hermione could’ve done with a Cheering Charm on Hermione's too,” said Ron as the class left for lunch, all grinning broadly — the Cheering Charms had left them with a feeling of great contentment. 
Hermione wasn’t at lunch either. 
By the time they had finished their apple pie, the after-effects of the Cheering Charms were wearing off, and Harry and Ron had started to get slightly worried. 
“You don’t think Malfoy did something to Malfoy?” Ron said anxiously as they hurried upstairs toward Gryffindor Tower. 
They passed the security trolls, gave the Fat Lady the password (“Flibbertigibbet”), and scrambled through the portrait hole into the common room. 
Hermione was sitting at a table, fast asleep, Hermione's head resting on an open Arithmancy book. 
They went to sit down on either side of Hermione. 
Harry prodded her awake. 
“Wh — what?” said Hermione, waking with a start and staring wildly around. 
“Is it time to go? 
“Hermione, why didn’t you come to Charms?” “What? 
“I forgot to go to Charms!” “But how could you forget?” said Harry. 
“You were with us till us were right outside the classroom!” “I don’t believe it!” Hermione wailed. 
“Was Professor Flitwick angry? 
“I reckon you’re cracking up. 
“I just made a mistake, that’s all! 
“I can’t believe I missed Cheering Charms! 
Glowing on every little table was a crystal ball full of pearly white mist. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat down together at the same rickety table. 
“I thought we weren’t starting crystal balls until next term,” Ron muttered, casting a wary eye around for Professor Trelawney, in case she was lurking nearby. 
“Don’t complain, this means we’ve finished palmistry,” Harry muttered back. 
“I was getting sick of her flinching every time she looked at my hands.” “Good day to you!” said the familiar, misty voice, and Professor Trelawney made her usual dramatic entrance out of the shadows. 
Parvati and Lavender quivered with excitement, Parvati and Lavender's faces lit by the milky glow of Parvati and Lavender's crystal ball. 
“I have decided to introduce the crystal ball a little earlier than I had planned,” said Professor Trelawney, sitting with her back to the fire and gazing around. 
“The fates have informed me that your examination in June will concern the Orb, and I am anxious to give you sufficient practice.” Hermione snorted. 
“Well, honestly ‘The fates have informed her’ who sets the exam? 
Harry and Ron choked back laughs. 
It was hard to tell whether Professor Trelawney had heard them, as her face was hidden in shadow. 
her continued, however, as though her had not. 
“Crystal gazing is a particularly refined art,” her said dreamily. 
“I do not expect any of you to See when first you peer into the Orb’s infinite depths. 
Harry, at least, felt extremely foolish, staring blankly at the crystal ball, trying to keep Harry's mind empty when thoughts such as “this is stupid” kept drifting across this. 
It didn’t help that Ron kept breaking into silent giggles and Hermione kept tutting. 
“Seen anything yet?” Harry asked them after a quarter of an hour’s quiet crystal gazing. 
“Yeah, there’s a burn on this table,” said Ron, pointing. 
“Someone’s spilled their candle.” “This is such a waste of time,” Hermione hissed. 
“I could be practicing something useful. 
“Would anyone like me to help them interpret the shadowy portents within them's Orb?” she murmured over the clinking of shis bangles. 
“I don’t need help,” Ron whispered. 
“It’s obvious what this means. 
“Now, really!” said Professor Trelawney as everyone’s heads turned in their direction. 
Parvati and Lavender were looking scandalized. 
“You are disturbing the clairvoyant vibrations!” She approached their table and peered into their crystal ball. 
Harry felt Harry's heart sinking. 
Harry was sure Harry knew what was coming — “There is something here!” Professor Trelawney whispered, lowering Professor Trelawney's face to the ball, so that it was reflected twice in Professor Trelawney's huge glasses. 
“Something moving but what is it?” Harry was prepared to bet everything Harry owned, including Harry's Firebolt, that it wasn’t good news, whatever it was. 
And sure enough — “My dear ,” Professor Trelawney breathed, gazing up at Harry. 
“It is here, plainer than ever before my dear, stalking toward you, growing ever closer the Gr — ” “Oh, for goodness’ sake!” said Hermione loudly. 
“Not that ridiculous Grim again\” Professor Trelawney raised her enormous eyes to Hermione ’s face. 
Parvati whispered something to Lavender, and they both glared at Hermione too. 
Professor Trelawney stood up, surveying Hermione with unmistakable anger. 
“I am sorry to say that from the moment you have arrived in this class, my dear, it has been apparent that you do not have what the noble art of Divination requires. 
Then — “Fine!” said Hermione suddenly, getting up and cramming Unfogging the Future back into Hermione's bag. 
“Fine!” Hermione repeated, swinging the bag over Hermione's shoulder and almost knocking Ron off his chair. 
“I give up! 
It took a few minutes for the class to settle down again. 
Professor Trelawney seemed to have forgotten all about the Grim. 
Professor Trelawney turned abruptly from Harry and Ron’s table, breathing rather heavily as Professor Trelawney tugged Professor Trelawney's gauzy shawl more closely to Professor Trelawney. 
“Ooooo!” said Lavender suddenly, making everyone start. 
“Oooooo, Professor Trelawney, I’ve just remembered! 
“Yes, my dear, I did indeed know that Miss Granger would be leaving us. 
“Some day Hermione’s having, eh?” Ron muttered to Harry, looking awed. 
“Yeah ” Harry glanced into the crystal ball but saw nothing but swirling white mist. 
Had Professor Trelawney really seen the Grim again? 
Would Professor Trelawney? 
The last thing he needed was another near-fatal accident, with the Quidditch final drawing ever nearer. 
The Easter holidays were not exactly relaxing. 
The third years had never had so much homework. 
Neville Longbottom seemed close to a nervous collapse, and Neville Longbottom wasn’t the only one. 
“Call this a holiday!” Seamus Finnigan roared at the common room one afternoon. 
“The exams are ages away, what’re they playing at?” But nobody had as much to do as Hermione. 
Even without Divination, she was taking more subjects than anybody else. 
she was usually last to leave the common room at night, first to arrive at the library the next morning; she had shadows like Lupin’s under shis eyes, and seemed constantly close to tears. 
Ron had taken over responsibility for Buckbeak’s appeal. 
When he wasn’t doing his own work, he was poring over enormously thick volumes with names like The Handbook of Hippogriff Psychology and Fowl or Foul? 
A Study of Hippogriff Brutality. 
He was so absorbed, He even forgot to be horrible to Crookshanks. 
Harry, meanwhile, had to fit in Harry's homework around Quidditch practice every day, not to mention endless discussions of tactics with Wood. 
The Gryffindor- Slytherin match would take place on the first Saturday after the Easter holidays. 
Slytherin was leading the tournament by exactly two hundred points. 
This meant (as Wood constantly reminded his team) that they needed to win the match by more than that amount to win the Cup. 
It also meant that the burden of winning fell largely on Harry, because capturing the Snitch was worth one hundred and fifty points. 
“So you must catch it only if we’re more than fifty points up,” Wood told Harry constantly. 
“Only if we’re more than fifty points up, Harry, or we win the match but lose the Cup. 
The whole of Gryffindor House was obsessed with the coming match. 
Gryffindor hadn’t won the Quidditch Cup since the legendary Charlie Weasley (Ron’s second oldest brother) had been Seeker. 
But Harry doubted whether any of them, even Wood, wanted to win as much as Harry did. 
The enmity between Harry and Malfoy was at its highest point ever. 
Malfoy was still smarting about the mud-throwing incident in Hogsmeade and was even more furious that Harry had somehow wormed Harry's way out of punishment. 
Harry hadn’t forgotten Malfoy’s attempt to sabotage Harry in the match against Ravenclaw, but it was the matter of Buckbeak that made Harry most determined to beat Malfoy in front of the entire school. 
Never, in anyone’s memory, had a match approached in such a highly charged atmosphere. 
By the time the holidays were over, tension between the two teams and their Houses was at the breaking point. 
A number of small scuffles broke out in the corridors, culminating in a nasty incident in which a Gryffindor fourth year and a Slytherin sixth year ended up in the hospital wing with leeks sprouting out of their ears. 
Harry was having a particularly bad time of it. 
Harry couldn’t walk to class without Slytherins sticking out their legs and trying to trip Harry up; Crabbe and Goyle kept popping up wherever Harry went, and slouching away looking disappointed when Crabbe and Goyle saw Harry surrounded by people. 
Wood had given instructions that Harry should be accompanied everywhere Harry went, in case the Slytherins tried to put him out of action. 
The whole of Gryffindor House took up the challenge enthusiastically, so that it was impossible for Harry to get to classes on time because Harry was surrounded by a vast, chattering crowd. 
Harry was more concerned for Harry's Firebolt’s safety than Harry's own. 
When Harry wasn’t flying it, Harry locked it securely in Harry's trunk and frequently dashed back up to Gryffindor Tower at break times to check that it was still there. 
All usual pursuits were abandoned in the Gryffindor common room the night before the match. 
Even Hermione had put down Even Hermione's books. 
“I can’t work, I can’t concentrate,” she said nervously. 
There was a great deal of noise. 
Fred and George Weasley were dealing with the pressure by being louder and more exuberant than ever. 
Oliver Wood was crouched over a model of a Quidditch field in the corner, prodding little figures across it with Oliver Wood's wand and muttering to himself. 
Angelina, Alicia, and Katie were laughing at Fred’s and George’s jokes. 
Harry was sitting with Ron and Hermione, removed from the center of things, trying not to think about the next day, because every time Harry did, Harry had the horrible sensation that something very large was fighting to get out of Harry's stomach. 
“You’re going to be fine,” Hermione told Harry, though Hermione looked positively terrified. 
“You’ve got a Firebolti” said Ron. 
“Yeah ,” said Harry, his stomach writhing. 
It came as a relief when Wood suddenly stood up and yelled, “Team! 
First he dreamed that he had overslept, and that Wood was yelling, “Where were you? 
he was flying at breakneck speed, trying to avoid a spurt of flames from Malfoy ’s steed’s mouth, when he realized he had forgotten his Firebolt. 
he fell through the air and woke with a start. 
It was a few seconds before Harry remembered that the match hadn’t taken place yet, that Harry was safe in bed, and that the Slytherin team definitely wouldn’t be allowed to play on dragons. 
Harry was feeling very thirsty. 
Quietly as Harry could, Harry got out of Harry's four- poster and went to pour he some water from the silver jug beneath the window. 
The grounds were still and quiet. 
No breath of wind disturbed the treetops in the Forbidden Forest; the Whomping Willow was motionless and innocent- looking. 
It looked as though the conditions for the match would be perfect. 
Harry set down Harry's goblet and was about to turn back to Harry's bed when something caught Harry's eye. 
An animal of some kind was prowling across the silvery lawn. 
Harry dashed to Harry's bedside table, snatched up Harry's glasses, and put them on, then hurried back to the window. 
It couldn’t be the Grim — not now — not right before the match — He peered out at the grounds again and, after a minute’s frantic searching, spotted it. 
it was skirting the edge of the forest now. 
It wasn’t the Grim at all it was a cat. 
Harry clutched the window ledge in relief as Harry recognized the bottlebrush tail. 
It was only Crookshanks. 
Or was it only Crookshanks? 
Harry squinted, pressing Harry's nose flat against the glass. 
Crookshanks seemed to have come to a halt. 
Harry was sure Harry could see something else moving in the shadow of the trees too. 
And just then, it emerged — a gigantic, shaggy black dog, moving stealthily across the lawn, Crookshanks trotting at its side. 
Harry stared. 
What did this mean? 
If Crookshanks could see the dog as well, how could it be an omen of Harry’s death? 
“Ron!” Harry hissed. 
“Ron! 
“What’re you on about?” “Down here — ” Harry looked quickly back out of the window. 
Crookshanks and the dog had vanished. 
Harry climbed onto the windowsill to look right down into the shadows of the castle, but they weren’t there. 
Where had they gone? 
A loud snore told him Ron had fallen asleep again. 
Harry and the rest of the Gryffindor team entered the Great Hall the next day to enormous applause. 
Harry couldn’t help grinning broadly as Harry saw that both the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff tables were applauding them too. 
The Slytherin table hissed loudly as they passed. 
Harry noticed that Malfoy looked even paler than usual. 
Wood spent the whole of breakfast urging his team to eat, while touching nothing his. 
Then his hurried them off to the field before anyone else had finished, so them could get an idea of the conditions. 
As them left the Great Hall, everyone applauded again. 
“Good luck, Harry!” called Cho. 
Harry felt Harry blushing. 
“Okay — no wind to speak of — sun’s a bit bright, that could impair your vision, watch out for it — ground’s fairly hard, good, that’ll give us a fast kickoff ?? 
None of them spoke as None of them changed into None of them's scarlet robes. 
Harry wondered if they were feeling like Harry was: as though Harry’d eaten something extremely wriggly for breakfast. 
In what seemed like no time at all, Wood was saying, “Okay, it’s time, let’s go — ” They walked out onto the field to a tidal wave of noise. 
Three-quarters of the crowd was wearing scarlet rosettes, waving scarlet flags with the Gryffindor lion upon them, or brandishing banners with slogans like “GO GRYFFINDOR!” and “LIONS FOR THE CUP!” Behind the Slytherin goal posts, however, two hundred people were wearing green; the silver serpent of Slytherin glittered on two hundred people's flags, and Professor Snape sat in the very front row, wearing green like everyone else, and a very grim smile. 
“And here are the Gryffindors!” yelled Lee Jordan, who was acting as commentator as usual. 
“Potter, Bell, Johnson, Spinnet, Weasley, Weasley, and Wood. 
“And here come the Slytherin team, led by Captain Flint. 
Harry, however, thought Lee had a point. 
Malfoy was easily the smallest person on the Slytherin team; the rest of them were enormous. 
“Captains, shake hands!” said Madam Hooch. 
Flint and Wood approached each other and grasped each other’s hand very tightly; it looked as though each was trying to break the other’s fingers. 
“Mount your brooms!” said Madam Hooch. 
“Three two one ” The sound of her whistle was lost in the roar from the crowd as fourteen brooms rose into the air. 
Harry felt Harry's hair fly back off Harry's forehead; his nerves left his in the thrill of the flight; his glanced around, saw Malfoy on his tail, and sped off in search of the Snitch. 
“And it’s Gryffindor in possession, Alicia Spinnet of Gryffindor with the Quaffle, heading straight for the Slytherin goal posts, looking good, Alicia! 
“Sorry!” said Flint as the crowd below booed. 
“Sorry, didn’t see her!” A moment later, Fred Weasley chucked his Beater’s club at the back of Flint’s head. 
Flint’s nose smashed into the handle of his broom and began to bleed. 
“That will do!” shrieked Madam Hooch, zooming between them. 
“Penalty shot to Gryffindor for an unprovoked attack on their Chaser! 
“Come on, Alicia!” yelled Lee into the silence that had descended on the crowd. 
“YES! 
Wood was hovering in front of the Gryffindor goal posts, his jaw clenched. 
“ ’Course, Wood’s a superb Keeper!” Lee Jordan told the crowd as Flint waited for Madam Hooch’s whistle. 
“Superb! 
It was essential that he hold Malfoy off the Snitch until Gryffindor was more than fifty points up — “Gryffindor in possession, no, Slytherin in possession — no! 
Katie cartwheeled in the air, managed to stay on Katie's broom, but dropped the Quaffle. 
Madam Hooch’s whistle rang out again as Madam Hooch’s soared over to Montague and began shouting at him. 
A minute later, Katie had put another penalty past the Slytherin Seeker. 
“THIRTY-ZERO! 
He had seen the Snitch — it was shimmering at the foot of one of the Gryffindor goal posts — but He mustn’t catch it yet — and if Malfoy saw it — Faking a look of sudden concentration, Harry pulled Harry's Firebolt around and sped off toward the Slytherin end — it worked. 
Malfoy went haring after Harry, clearly thinking Harry had seen the Snitch there. 
WHOOSH. 
One of the Bludgers came streaking past Harry’s right ear, hit by the gigantic Slytherin Beater, Derrick. 
Then again — WHOOSH. 
The second Bludger grazed Harry’s elbow. 
The other Beater, Bole, was closing in. 
Harry had a fleeting glimpse of Bole and Derrick zooming toward Harry, clubs raised — Harry turned the Firebolt upward at the last second, and Bole and Derrick collided with a sickening crunch. 
“Ha haaa!” yelled Lee Jordan as the Slytherin Beaters lurched away from each other, clutching their heads. 
“Too bad, boys! 
“Sorry, Professor, sorry! 
Enraged that Gryffindor had taken such an early lead, the Slytherins were rapidly resorting to any means to take the Quaffle. 
Bole hit Alicia with his club and tried to say his’d thought she was a Bludger. 
George Weasley elbowed Bole in the face in retaliation. 
Madam Hooch awarded both teams penalties, and Wood pulled off another spectacular save, making the score forty-ten to Gryffindor. 
The Snitch had disappeared again. 
Malfoy was still keeping close to Harry as Harry soared over the match, looking around for it — once Gryffindor was fifty points ahead — Katie scored. 
Fifty-ten. 
Fred and George Weasley were swooping around her, clubs raised, in case any of the Slytherins were thinking of revenge. 
Bole and Derrick took advantage of Fred’s and George’s absence to aim both Bludgers at Wood; they caught him in the stomach, one after the other, and him rolled over in the air, clutching him's broom, completely winded. 
Madam Hooch was beside Madam Hooch. 
“YOU DO NOT ATTACK THE KEEPER UNLESS THE QUAFFLE IS WITHIN THE SCORING AREA!” she shrieked at Bole and Derrick. 
“Gryffindor penalty!” And Angelina scored. 
Sixty-ten. 
Moments later, Fred Weasley pelted a Bludger at Warrington, knocking the Quaffle out of Fred Weasley's hands; Alicia seized it and put it through the Slytherin goal — seventy-ten. 
The Gryffindor crowd below was screaming itself hoarse — Gryffindor was sixty points in the lead, and if Harry caught the Snitch now, the Cup was theirs. 
Harry could almost feel hundreds of eyes following Harry as Harry soared around the field, high above the rest of the game, with Malfoy speeding along behind Harry. 
And then Harry saw it. 
The Snitch was sparkling twenty feet above The Snitch. 
Harry put on a huge burst of speed; the wind was roaring in Harry's ears; Harry stretched out Harry's hand, but suddenly, the Firebolt was slowing down — Horrified, he looked around. 
Malfoy had thrown Malfoy forward, grabbed hold of the Firebolt’s tail, and was pulling it back. 
“You — ” Harry was angry enough to hit Malfoy, but couldn’t reach — Malfoy was panting with the effort of holding onto the Firebolt, but Harry's eyes were sparkling maliciously. 
Harry had achieved what He’d wanted to do — the Snitch had disappeared again. 
“Penalty! 
“YOU CHEATING SCUM!” Lee Jordan was howling into the megaphone, dancing out of Professor McGonagall’s reach. 
“YOU FILTHY, CHEATING B — ” Professor McGonagall didn’t even bother to tell Professor McGonagall off. 
Professor McGonagall was actually shaking Professor McGonagall's finger in Malfoy’s direction, Professor McGonagall's hat had fallen off, and Professor McGonagall too was shouting furiously. 
Alicia took Gryffindor’s penalty, but Alicia was so angry Alicia missed by several feet. 
The Gryffindor team was losing concentration and the Slytherins, delighted by Malfoy’s foul on Harry, were being spurred on to greater heights. 
“Slytherin in possession, Slytherin heading for goal — Montague scores — ” Lee groaned. 
“Seventy-twenty to Gryffindor. 
Harry wasn’t going to let Malfoy anywhere near the Snitch. 
“Get out of it, Potter!” Malfoy yelled in frustration as he tried to turn and found Harry blocking him. 
“Angelina Johnson gets the Quaffle for Gryffindor, come on, Angelina, COME ON!” Harry looked around. 
Every single Slytherin player apart from Malfoy was streaking up the pitch toward Angelina, including the Slytherin Keeper — they were all going to block her — Harry wheeled the Firebolt around, bent so low Harry was lying flat along the handle, and kicked it forward. 
Like a bullet, Harry shot toward the Slytherins. 
“AAAAAAARRRGH ! 
“SHE SCORES! 
And then he saw something to make his heart stand still. 
Malfoy was diving, a look of triumph on his face — there, a few feet above the grass below, was a tiny, golden glimmer — Harry urged the Firebolt downward, but Malfoy was miles ahead — “Go! 
He was gaining on Malfoy — Harry flattened He to the broom handle as Bole sent a Bludger at He — He was at Malfoy’s ankles — He was level — Harry threw — Harry forward, took both hands off — Harry's broom. 
He knocked Malfoy’s arm out of the way and “YES!” “YES! 
Harry soared above the crowd, an odd ringing in Harry's ears. 
The tiny golden ball was held tight in Harry's fist, beating its wings hopelessly against his fingers. 
Then Wood was speeding toward him, half-blinded by tears; him seized Harry around the neck and sobbed unrestrainedly into Harry's shoulder. 
Harry felt two large thumps as Fred and George hit them; then Angelina’s, Alicia’s, and Katie’s voices, “We’ve won the Cup\ We’ve won the Cup\” Tangled together in a many-armed hug, the Gryffindor team sank, yelling hoarsely, back to earth. 
Wave upon wave of crimson supporters was pouring over the barriers onto the field. 
Hands were raining down on their backs. 
Harry had a confused impression of noise and bodies pressing in on Harry. 
Then Harry, and the rest of the team, were hoisted onto the shoulders of the crowd. 
Thrust into the light, he saw Hagrid, plastered with crimson rosettes — “Yeh beat ’em, Harry, Yeh beat ’em! 
Professor McGonagall was sobbing harder even than Wood, wiping Professor McGonagall's eyes with an enormous Gryffindor flag; and there, fighting their way toward Harry, were Ron and Hermione. 
Words failed them. 
them simply beamed as Harry was borne toward the stands, where Dumbledore stood waiting with the enormous Quidditch Cup. 
If only there had been a dementor around. 
As a sobbing Wood passed Harry the Cup, as he lifted it into the air, Harry felt Harry could have produced the world’s best Patronus. 
Harry’s euphoria at finally winning the Quidditch Cup lasted at least a week. 
Even the weather seemed to be celebrating; as June approached, the days became cloudless and sultry, and all anybody felt like doing was strolling onto the grounds and flopping down on the grass with several pints of iced pumpkin juice, perhaps playing a casual game of Gobstones or watching the giant squid propel itself dreamily across the surface of the lake. 
But they couldn’t. 
Exams were nearly upon them, and instead of lazing around outside, the students were forced to remain inside the castle, trying to bully the students's brains into concentrating while enticing wafts of summer air drifted in through the windows. 
Even Fred and George Weasley had been spotted working; Even Fred and George Weasley were about to take Even Fred and George Weasley's O.W.L.s (Ordinary Wizarding Levels). 
Percy was getting ready to take Percy's N.E.W.T.s (Nastily Exhausting Wizarding Tests), the highest qualification Hogwarts offered. 
As Percy hoped to enter the Ministry of Magic, Percy needed top grades. 
Percy was becoming increasingly edgy, and gave very severe punishments to anybody who disturbed the quiet of the common room in the evenings. 
In fact, the only person who seemed more anxious than Percy was Hermione. 
Harry and Ron had given up asking her how her was managing to attend several classes at once, but they couldn’t restrain they when they saw the exam schedule her had drawn up for her. 
The first column read: Monday 9 o’clock, Arithmancy 9 o’clock, Transfiguration Lunch 1 o’clock, Charms 1 o’clock, Ancient Runes “Hermione?” Ron said cautiously, because she was liable to explode when interrupted these days. 
“Er — are you sure you’ve copied down these times right?” “What?” snapped Hermione, picking up the exam schedule and examining it. 
“Yes, of course I have.” “Is there any point asking how you’re going to sit for two exams at once?” said Harry. 
“No,” said Hermione shortly. 
“Have either of you seen my copy of Numerology and Gramatica?” “Oh, yeah, I borrowed it for a bit of bedtime reading,” said Ron, but very quietly. 
Hermione started shifting heaps of parchment around on Hermione's table, looking for the book. 
Just then, there was a rustle at the window and Hedwig fluttered through a rustle at the window, a note clutched tight in Hedwig's beak. 
“It’s from Hagrid,” said Harry, ripping the note open. 
“Buckbeak’s appeal — it’s set for the sixth.” “That’s the day we finish our exams,” said Hermione, still looking everywhere for her Arithmancy book. 
“And they’re coming up here to do it,” said Harry, still reading from the letter. 
“Someone from the Ministry of Magic and — and an executioner.” Hermione looked up, startled. 
“They’re bringing the executioner to the appeal! 
“They can’t!” Ron howled. 
“I’ve spent ages reading up on stuff for him; they can’t just ignore it all!” But Harry had a horrible feeling that the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures had had its mind made up for it by Mister Malfoy. 
Draco, who had been noticeably subdued since Gryffindor’s triumph in the Quidditch final, seemed to regain some of his old swagger over the next few days. 
From sneering comments Harry overheard, Malfoy was certain Buckbeak was going to be killed, and seemed thoroughly pleased with himself for bringing it about. 
It was all Harry could do to stop Harry imitating Hermione and hitting Malfoy in the face on these occasions. 
And the worst thing of all was that they had no time or opportunity to go and see Hagrid, because the strict new security measures had not been lifted, and Harry didn’t dare retrieve Harry's Invisibility Cloak from below the one-eyed witch. 
k k k Exam week began and an unnatural hush fell over the castle. 
The third years emerged from Transfiguration at lunchtime on Monday, limp and ashen-faced, comparing results and bemoaning the difficulty of the tasks they had been set, which had included turning a teapot into a tortoise. 
Hermione irritated the rest by fussing about how Hermione's tortoise had looked more like a turtle, which was the least of everyone else’s worries. 
“Mine still had a spout for a tail, what a nightmare. 
Hermione had been right; Professor Flitwick did indeed test them on Cheering Charms. 
Harry slightly overdid Harry's out of nerves and Ron, who was partnering him, ended up in fits of hysterical laughter and had to be led away to a quiet room for an hour before he was ready to perform the charm himself. 
After dinner, the students hurried back to the students's common rooms, not to relax, but to start studying for Care of Magical Creatures, Potions, and Astronomy. 
Hagrid presided over the Care of Magical Creatures exam the following morning with a very preoccupied air indeed; his heart didn’t seem to be in it at all. 
his had provided a large tub of fresh flobberworms for the class, and told them that to pass the test, them's flobberworm had to still be alive at the end of one hour. 
As flobberworms flourished best if left to their own devices, it was the easiest exam any of them had ever taken, and also gave Harry, Ron, and Hermione plenty of opportunity to speak to Hagrid. 
“Beaky’s gettin’ a bit depressed,” Hagrid told them, bending low on the pretense of checking that Harry’s flobberworm was still alive. 
“Bin cooped up too long. 
Try as Harry might, Harry couldn’t get Harry's Confusing Concoction to thicken, and Snape, standing watch with an air of vindictive pleasure, scribbled something that looked suspiciously like a zero onto his notes before moving away. 
Then came Astronomy at midnight, up on the tallest tower; History of Magic on Wednesday morning, in which Harry scribbled everything Florean Fortescue had ever told Harry about medieval witch-hunts, while wishing Harry could have had one of Fortescue ’s choco- nut sundaes with Harry in the stifling classroom. 
Wednesday afternoon meant Herbology, in the greenhouses under a baking-hot sun; then back to the common room once more, with sunburnt necks, thinking longingly of this time next day, when it would all be over. 
Their second to last exam, on Thursday morning, was Defense Against the Dark Arts. 
Professor Lupin had compiled the most unusual exam any of them had ever taken; a sort of obstacle course outside in the sun, where them had to wade across a deep paddling pool containing a grindylow, cross a series of potholes full of Red Caps, squish them's way across a patch of marsh while ignoring misleading directions from a hinkypunk, then climb into an old trunk and battle with a new boggart. 
“Excellent, Harry,” Lupin muttered as Harry climbed out of the trunk, grinning. 
“Full marks.” Flushed with his success, Harry hung around to watch Ron and Hermione. 
Ron did very well until he reached the hinkypunk, which successfully confused him into sinking waist-high into the quagmire. 
Hermione did everything perfectly until Hermione reached the trunk with the boggart in it. 
After about a minute inside it, Hermione burst out again, screaming. 
“Hermione!” said Lupin, startled. 
“What’s the matter?” “P — P — Professor McGonagall!” Hermione gasped, pointing into the trunk. 
“Sh — Hermione said I’d failed everything!” It took a little while to calm — Hermione down. 
When at last — Hermione had regained a grip on — Hermione, — Hermione, Harry, and Ron went back to the castle. 
Ron was still slightly inclined to laugh at Hermione ’s boggart, but an argument was averted by the sight that met them on the top of the steps. 
Cornelius Fudge, sweating slightly in Cornelius Fudge's pinstriped cloak, was standing there staring out at the grounds. 
He started at the sight of Harry. 
“Hello there, Harry!” he said. 
“Just had an exam, I expect? 
Hermione and Ron, not being on speaking terms with the Minister of Magic, hovered awkwardly in the background. 
“Lovely day,” said Fudge, casting an eye over the lake. 
“Pity pity ” He sighed deeply and looked down at Harry. 
“I’m here on an unpleasant mission, Harry. 
“No, no, it’s scheduled for this afternoon,” said Fudge, looking curiously at Ron. 
“Then you might not have to witness an execution at all!” said Ron stoutly. 
“The hippogriff might get off!” Before Fudge could answer, two wizards came through the castle doors behind him. 
One was so ancient him appeared to be withering before two wizards's very eyes; the other was tall and strapping, with a thin black mustache. 
Harry gathered that they were representatives of the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures, because the very old wizard squinted toward Hagrid’s cabin and said in a feeble voice, “Dear, dear, I’m getting too old for this. 
Ron opened his mouth to say something, but Hermione nudged him hard in the ribs and jerked Hermione's head toward the entrance hall. 
“Why’d you stop me?” said Ron angrily as they entered the Great Hall for lunch. 
“Did you see them? 
“As long as Hagrid keeps his head this time, and argues his case properly, they can’t possibly execute Buckbeak. 
All around them, people were talking excitedly as they ate people's lunch, happily anticipating the end of the exams that afternoon, but Harry, Ron, and Hermione, lost in worry about Hagrid and Buckbeak, didn’t join in. 
Harry’s and Ron’s last exam was Divination; Hermione’s, Muggle Studies. 
They walked up the marble staircase together; Hermione left They on the first floor and Harry and Ron proceeded all the way up to the seventh, where many of their class were sitting on the spiral staircase to Professor Trelawney’s classroom, trying to cram in a bit of last-minute studying. 
“She’s seeing us all separately,” Neville informed them as them went to sit down next to him. 
him had him's copy of Unfogging the Future open on him's lap at the pages devoted to crystal gazing. 
“Have either of you ever seen anything in a crystal ball?” him asked them unhappily. 
“Nope,” said Ron in an offhand voice. 
He kept checking He's watch; Harry knew that He was counting down the time until Buckbeak’s appeal started. 
The line of people outside the classroom shortened very slowly. 
As each person climbed back down the silver ladder, the rest of the class hissed, “What did she ask? 
“she says the crystal ball’s told shis that if I tell you, I’ll have a horrible accident!” squeaked Neville as he clambered back down the ladder toward Harry and Ron, who had now reached the landing. 
“That’s convenient,” snorted Ron. 
“You know, I’m starting to think Hermione was right about Hermione” — he jabbed his thumb toward the trapdoor overhead — “Hermione’s a right old fraud.” “Yeah,” said Harry, looking at Harry's own watch. 
It was now two o’clock. 
“Wish she’d hurry up ” Parvati came back down the ladder glowing with pride. 
“She says I’ve got all the makings of a true Seer,” She informed Harry and Ron. 
“I saw loads of stuff. 
“Ronald Weasley,” said the familiar, misty voice from over their heads. 
Ron grimaced at Harry and climbed the silver ladder out of sight. 
Harry was now the only person left to be tested. 
Harry settled Harry on the floor with Harry's back against the wall, listening to a fly buzzing in the sunny window, Harry's mind across the grounds with Hagrid. 
Finally, after about twenty minutes, Ron’s large feet reappeared on the ladder. 
“How’d it go?” Harry asked him, standing up. 
“Rubbish,” said Ron. 
“Couldn’t see a thing, so I made some stuff up. 
“Good day, my dear,” she said softly. 
“If you would kindly gaze into the Orb. 
“Well?” Professor Trelawney prompted delicately. 
“What do you see?” The heat was overpowering and his nostrils were stinging with the perfumed smoke wafting from the fire beside them. 
He thought of what Ron had just said, and decided to pretend. 
“Er — ” said Harry, “a dark shape um ” “What does it resemble?” whispered Professor Trelawney. 
“Think, now ” Harry cast Harry's mind around and it landed on Buckbeak. 
“A hippogriff,” he said firmly. 
“Indeed!” whispered Professor Trelawney, scribbling keenly on the parchment perched upon her knees. 
“My boy, you may well be seeing the outcome of poor Hagrid’s trouble with the Ministry of Magic! 
“Are you sure?” Professor Trelawney urged him. 
“Are you quite sure, dear? 
“No blood? 
“It looks fine, it’s — flying away. 
“Well, dear, I think we’ll leave it there. 
“It will happen tonight.” Harry wheeled around. 
Professor Trelawney had gone rigid in Professor Trelawney's armchair; Professor Trelawney's eyes were unfocused and Professor Trelawney's mouth sagging. 
“S — sorry?” said Harry. 
But Professor Trelawney didn’t seem to hear Professor Trelawney. 
Professor Trelawney eyes started to roll. 
Harry sat there in a panic. 
She looked as though She was about to have some sort of seizure. 
He hesitated, thinking of running to the hospital wing — and then Professor Trelawney spoke again, in the same harsh voice, quite unlike Shis own: “The Dark Lord lies alone and friendless, abandoned by The Dark Lord's followers. 
She made a grunting sort of noise. 
Harry sat there, staring at She. 
Then, quite suddenly, Professor Trelawney’s head snapped up again. 
“I’m so sorry, dear boy,” she said dreamily, “the heat of the day, you know I drifted off for a moment. 
“Is there anything wrong, my dear?” “You — you just told me that the — Voldemort’s going to rise again that his servant’s going to go back to his. 
“The Dark Lord? 
“I would certainly not presume to predict anything quite as far-fetched as that\” Harry climbed back down the ladder and the spiral staircase, wondering had he just heard Professor Trelawney make a real prediction? 
Or had that been her idea of an impressive end to the test? 
Five minutes later he was dashing past the security trolls outside the entrance to Gryffindor Tower, Professor Trelawney’s words still resounding in his head. 
People were striding past he in the opposite direction, laughing and joking, heading for the grounds and a bit of long-awaited freedom; by the time he had reached the portrait hole and entered the common room, it was almost deserted. 
Over in the corner, however, sat Ron and Hermione. 
“Professor Trelawney,” Harry panted, “just told me — ” But he stopped abruptly at the sight of their faces. 
“Buckbeak lost,” said Ron weakly. 
“Hagrid’s just sent this.” Hagrid’s note was dry this time, no tears had splattered it, yet his hand seemed to have shaken so much as his wrote that it was hardly legible. 
Lost appeal. 
They’re going to execute at sunset Nothing you can do. 
Don’t come down. 
I don’t want you to see it Hagrid “We’ve got to go,” said Harry at once. 
“Harry can’t just sit there on Harry's own, waiting for the executioner!” “Sunset, though,” said Ron, who was staring out the window in a glazed sort of way. 
“We’d never be allowed ’specially you, Harry. 
“If We only had the Invisibility Cloak. 
Harry told her about leaving it in the passageway under the one-eyed witch. " 
if Snape sees me anywhere near there again, I’m in serious trouble,” Snape finished. 
“That’s true,” said Hermione, getting to Hermione's feet. 
“If he sees you. 
“But — ” Hermione didn’t wait for the rest of his sentence; Hermione strode across the room, pushed open the Fat Lady’s portrait and vanished from sight. 
“She hasn’t gone to get it?” Ron said, staring after She. 
Hermione had. 
Hermione returned a quarter of an hour later with the silvery cloak folded carefully under Hermione's robes. 
“Hermione, I don’t know what’s gotten into you lately!” said Ron, astounded. 
“First you hit Malfoy, then you walk out on Professor Trelawney — ” Hermione looked rather flattered. 
They went down to dinner with everybody else, but did not return to Gryffindor Tower afterward. 
Harry had the cloak hidden down the front of Harry's robes; Harry had to keep Harry's arms folded to hide the lump. 
They skulked in an empty chamber off the entrance hall, listening, until They were sure it was deserted. 
They heard a last pair of people hurrying across the hall and a door slamming. 
Hermione poked Hermione's head around the door. 
“Okay,” she whispered, “no one there — cloak on — ” Walking very close together so that nobody would see them, them crossed the hall on tiptoe beneath the cloak, then walked down the stone front steps into the grounds. 
The sun was already sinking behind the Forbidden Forest, gilding the top branches of the trees. 
They reached Hagrid’s cabin and knocked. 
Hagrid’s was a minute in answering, and when Hagrid’s did, Hagrid’s looked all around for Hagrid’s's visitor, pale-faced and trembling. 
“It’s us,” Harry hissed. 
“We’re wearing the Invisibility Cloak. 
Hagrid shut the door quickly and Harry pulled off the cloak. 
Hagrid was not crying, nor did Harry throw Harry upon their necks. 
Harry looked like a man who did not know where Harry was or what to do. 
This helplessness was worse to watch than tears. 
“Wan’ some tea?” Wan said. 
His great hands were shaking as His reached for the kettle. 
“Where’s Buckbeak, Hagrid?” said Hermione hesitantly. 
“I — I took him outside,” said Hagrid, spilling milk all over the table as he filled up the jug. 
“he’s tethered in me pumpkin patch. 
“I’ll do it, Hagrid,” said Hermione quickly, hurrying over and starting to clean up the mess. 
“There’s another one in the cupboard,” Hagrid said, sitting down and wiping his forehead on his sleeve. 
Harry glanced at Ron, who looked back hopelessly. 
“Isn’t there anything anyone can do, Hagrid?” Harry asked fiercely, sitting down next to Harry. 
“Dumbledore “He’s tried,” said Hagrid. 
“HeHe’s got no power ter overrule the Committee. 
His eyes were darting all over the cabin as though looking for some shred of hope or comfort. 
“Dumbledore ’s gonna come down while it — while it happens. 
She straightened up with the new jug in Shis hands, fighting back tears. 
“Well stay with you too, Hagrid,” she began, but Hagrid shook his shaggy head. 
“Yeh’re ter go back up ter the castle. 
Then, as she picked up the milk bottle to pour some into the jug, she let out a shriek. 
“Ron! 
“What are you talking about?” Hermione carried the milk jug over to the table and turned the milk jug upside down. 
With a frantic squeak, and much scrambling to get back inside, Scabbers the rat came sliding out onto the table. 
“Scabbers!” said Ron blankly. 
“Scabbers, what are you doing here?” He grabbed the struggling rat and held him up to the light. 
Scabbers looked dreadful. 
Scabbers was thinner than ever, large tufts of hair had fallen out leaving wide bald patches, and Scabbers writhed in Ron’s hands as though desperate to free Scabbers. 
“It’s okay, Scabbers!” said Ron. 
“No cats! 
His normally ruddy face had gone the color of parchment. 
“They’re cornin’. 
A group of men was walking down the distant castle steps. 
In front was Albus Dumbledore, his silver beard gleaming in the dying sun. 
Next to him trotted Cornelius Fudge. 
Behind them came the feeble old Committee member and the executioner, Macnair. 
“Yeh gotta go,” said Hagrid. 
Every inch of him was trembling. 
“They mustn’ find yeh here. 
“I’ll let yeh out the back way,” said Hagrid. 
They followed him to the door into him's back garden. 
Harry felt strangely unreal, and even more so when Harry saw Buckbeak a few yards away, tethered to a tree behind Hagrid’s pumpkin patch. 
Buckbeak seemed to know something was happening. 
Buckbeak turned Buckbeak's sharp head from side to side and pawed the ground nervously. 
“It’s okay, Beaky,” said Hagrid softly. 
“It’s okay ” He turned to Harry, Ron, and Hermione. 
“Go on,” he said. 
“Get goin’.” But they didn’t move. 
“Hagrid, we can’t — ” “Well tell them what really happened — ” “them can’t kill him — ” “Go!” said Hagrid fiercely. 
“It’s bad enough without you lot in trouble an’ all!” They had no choice. 
As Hermione threw the cloak over Harry and Ron, they heard voices at the front of the cabin. 
Hagrid looked at the place where they had just vanished from sight. 
“Go quick,” he said hoarsely. 
“Don’ listen. 
Slowly, in a kind of horrified trance, Harry, Ron, and Hermione set off silently around Hagrid’s house. 
As they reached the other side, the front door closed with a sharp snap. 
“Please, let’s hurry,” Hermione whispered. 
“I can’t stand it, I can’t bear it. 
The sun was sinking fast now; the sky had turned to a clear, purple-tinged grey, but to the west there was a ruby-red glow. 
Ron stopped dead. 
“Oh, please, Ron,” Hermione began. 
“It’s Scabbers — he won’t — stay put — ” Ron was bent over, trying to keep Scabbers in his pocket, but the rat was going berserk; squeaking madly, twisting and flailing, trying to sink the rat's teeth into Ron’s hand. 
“Scabbers, it’s me, you idiot, itRon,” Ron hissed. 
They heard a door open behind them and men’s voices. 
“Oh, Ron, please let’s move, they’re going to do it!” Hermione breathed. 
“Okay — Scabbers, stay put — ” They walked forward; Harry, like Hermione, was trying not to listen to the rumble of voices behind them. 
Ron stopped again. 
“I can’t hold him — Scabbers, shut up, everyone’ll hear us — ” The rat was squealing wildly, but not loudly enough to cover up the sounds drifting from Hagrid’s garden. 
There was a jumble of indistinct male voices, a silence, and then, without warning, the unmistakable swish and thud of an axe. 
Hermione swayed on the spot. 
“They did it!” Hermione whispered to Harry. 
“I d — don’t believe it — they did it!” Harry’s mind had gone blank with shock. 
The three of them stood transfixed with horror under the Invisibility Cloak. 
The very last rays of the setting sun were casting a bloody light over the long-shadowed grounds. 
Then, behind them, them heard a wild howling. 
“Hagrid,” Harry muttered. 
Without thinking about what he was doing, he made to turn back, but both Ron and Hermione seized his arms. 
“We can’t,” said Ron, who was paper-white. 
“He’ll be in worse trouble if they know we’ve been to see He. 
“How could they?” “Come on,” said Ron, whose teeth seemed to be chattering. 
they set off back toward the castle, walking slowly to keep they hidden under the cloak. 
The light was fading fast now. 
By the time they reached open ground, darkness was settling like a spell around them. 
“Scabbers, keep still,” Ron hissed, clamping his hand over his chest. 
The rat was wriggling madly. 
Ron came to a sudden halt, trying to force Scabbers deeper into his pocket. 
“What’s the matter with you, you stupid rat? 
“Fudge’ll be out here in a minute — ” “He won’t — stay — put — ” Scabbers was plainly terrified. 
He was writhing with all He's might, trying to break free of Ron’s grip. 
“What’s the matter with him?” But Harry had just seen — slinking toward them, Harry's body low to the ground, wide yellow eyes glinting eerily in the darkness — Crookshanks. 
Whether he could see them or was following the sound of Scabbers’s squeaks, Harry couldn’t tell. 
“Crookshanks!” Hermione moaned. 
“No, go away, Crookshanks! 
In one bound, Crookshanks sprang after him, and before Harry or Hermione could stop him, Ron had thrown the Invisibility Cloak off himself and pelted away into the darkness. 
“Ron\” Hermione moaned. 
Hermione and Harry looked at each other, then followed at a sprint; it was impossible to run full out under the cloak; Hermione and Harry pulled it off and it streamed behind them like a banner as Hermione and Harry hurtled after Ron; Hermione and Harry could hear his feet thundering along ahead and his shouts at Crookshanks. 
“Get away from his — get away — Scabbers, come here — ” There was a loud thud. 
“Gotchal Get off, you stinking cat — ” Harry and Hermione almost fell over Ron; they skidded to a stop right in front of him. 
him was sprawled on the ground, but Scabbers was back in him's pocket; him had both hands held tight over the quivering lump. 
“Ron — come on — back under the cloak — ” Hermione panted. 
“Dumbledore — the Minister — they’ll be coming back out in a minute — ” But before they could cover they again, before they could even catch their breath, they heard the soft pounding of gigantic paws. 
Something was bounding toward they, quiet as a shadow — an enormous, pale-eyed, jet-black dog. 
Harry reached for Harry's wand, but too late — the dog had made an enormous leap and the front paws hit him on the chest; him keeled over backward in a whirl of hair; him felt its hot breath, saw inch-long teeth — But the force of its leap had carried the force of its leap too far; the force of its leap rolled off him. 
Dazed, feeling as though him's ribs were broken, Harry tried to stand up; Harry could hear it growling as it skidded around for a new attack. 
Ron was on his feet. 
As the dog sprang back toward them he pushed Harry aside; the dog’s jaws fastened instead around Ron’s outstretched arm. 
Harry lunged forward, Harry seized a handful of the brute’s hair, but it was dragging Ron away as easily as though Harry were a rag doll — Then, out of nowhere, something hit Harry so hard across the face Harry was knocked off Harry's feet again. 
He heard Hermione shriek with pain and fall too. 
Harry groped for Harry's wand, blinking blood out of Harry's eyes — “Lumos\” Harry whispered. 
The wandlight showed Harry the trunk of a thick tree; they had chased Scabbers into the shadow of the Whomping Willow and Scabbers branches were creaking as though in a high wind, whipping backward and forward to stop them going nearer. 
And there, at the base of the trunk, was the dog, dragging Ron backward into a large gap in the roots — Ron was fighting furiously, but his head and torso were slipping out of sight — “Ron!” Harry shouted, trying to follow, but a heavy branch whipped lethally through the air and Harry was forced backward again. 
All they could see now was one of Ron’s legs, which he had hooked around a root in an effort to stop the dog from pulling him farther underground — but a horrible crack cut the air like a gunshot; Ron’s leg had broken, and a moment later, Ron’s's foot vanished from sight. 
“Harry — we’ve got to go for help — ” Hermione gasped; she was bleeding too; the Willow had cut shis across the shoulder. 
“No! 
“If that dog can get in, we can,” Harry panted, darting here and there, trying to find a way through the vicious, swishing branches, but Harry couldn’t get an inch nearer to the tree roots without being in range of the tree’s blows. 
“Oh, help, help,” Hermione whispered frantically, dancing uncertainly on the spot, “please ” Crookshanks darted forward. 
He slithered between the battering branches like a snake and placed He's front paws upon a knot on the trunk. 
Abruptly, as though the tree had been turned to marble, the tree stopped moving. 
Not a leaf twitched or shook. 
“Crookshanks!” Hermione whispered uncertainly. 
Hermione now grasped Harry’s arm painfully hard. 
“How did he know — ?” “he’s friends with that dog,” said Harry grimly. 
“I’ve seen them together. 
Harry went next; Harry crawled forward, headfirst, and slid down an earthy slope to the bottom of a very low tunnel. 
Crookshanks was a little way along, Crookshanks's eyes flashing in the light from Harry’s wand. 
Seconds later, Hermione slithered down beside him. 
“Where’s Ron?” she whispered in a terrified voice. 
“This way,” said Harry, setting off, bent-backed, after Crookshanks. 
“Where does this tunnel come out?” Hermione asked breathlessly from behind him. 
“I don’t know. 
On and on went the passage; it felt at least as long as the one to Honeydukes. 
All Harry could think of was Ron and what the enormous dog might be doing to him. 
him was drawing breath in sharp, painful gasps, running at a crouch. 
And then the tunnel began to rise; moments later it twisted, and Crookshanks had gone. 
Instead, Harry could see a patch of dim light through a small opening. 
Harry and Hermione paused, gasping for breath, edging forward. 
Both raised Both's wands to see what lay beyond. 
It was a room, a very disordered, dusty room. 
Paper was peeling from the walls; there were stains all over the floor; every piece of furniture was broken as though somebody had smashed it. 
The windows were all boarded up. 
Harry glanced at Hermione, who looked very frightened but nodded. 
Harry pulled Harry out of the hole, staring around. 
The room was deserted, but a door to their right stood open, leading to a shadowy hallway. 
Hermione suddenly grabbed Harry’s arm again. 
Hermione wide eyes were traveling around the boarded windows. 
“Harry,” she whispered, “I think we’re in the Shrieking Shack.” Harry looked around. 
Harry eyes fell on a wooden chair near them. 
Large chunks had been torn out of it; one of the legs had been ripped off entirely. 
“Ghosts didn’t do that,” he said slowly. 
At that moment, there was a creak overhead. 
Something had moved upstairs. 
Both of them looked up at the ceiling. 
Hermione ’s grip on Harry’s arm was so tight Harry was losing feeling in Harry's fingers. 
He raised He's eyebrows at her; her nodded again and let go. 
Quietly as they could, they crept out into the hall and up the crumbling staircase. 
Everything was covered in a thick layer of dust except the floor, where a wide shiny stripe had been made by something being dragged upstairs. 
They reached the dark landing. 
“Nox,” they whispered together, and the lights at the end of their wands went out. 
Only one door was open. 
As they crept toward it, they heard movement from behind it; a low moan, and then a deep, loud purring. 
they exchanged a last look, a last nod. 
Wand held tightly before Wand, Harry kicked the door wide open. 
On a magnificent four-poster bed with dusty hangings lay Crookshanks, purring loudly at the sight of them. 
On the floor beside him, clutching him's leg, which stuck out at a strange angle, was Ron. 
Harry and Hermione dashed across to Harry. 
“Ron — are you okay?” “Where’s the dog?” “Not a dog,” Ron moaned. 
His teeth were gritted with pain. 
“Harry, it’s a trap — ” “What — ” “He’s the dog He’s an Animagus. 
Harry wheeled around. 
With a snap, the man in the shadows closed the door behind them. 
A mass of filthy, matted hair hung to his elbows. 
If eyes hadn’t been shining out of the deep, dark sockets, his might have been a corpse. 
The waxy skin was stretched so tightly over the bones of his face, it looked like a skull. 
his yellow teeth were bared in a grin. 
It was Sirius Black. 
“ ExpelliarmusV’ he croaked, pointing Ron’s wand at them. 
His voice sounded as though His had long since lost the habit of using it. 
“Your father would have done the same for me. 
A boiling hate erupted in Harry’s chest, leaving no place for fear. 
For the first time in his life, his wanted his wand back in his hand, not to defend his, but to attack to kill. 
Without knowing what his was doing, his started forward, but there was a sudden movement on either side of his and two pairs of hands grabbed his and held his back. 
“No, Harry!” Hermione gasped in a petrified whisper; Ron, however, spoke to Black. 
“If you want to kill Harry, you’ll have to kill us too!” he said fiercely, though the effort of standing upright was draining him of still more color, and him swayed slightly as him spoke. 
Something flickered in Black’s shadowed eyes. 
“Lie down,” he said quietly to Ron. 
“You will damage that leg even more.” “Did you hear me?” Ron said weakly, though he was clinging painfully to Harry to stay upright. 
“You’ll have to kill all three of us!” “There’ll be only one murder here tonight,” said Black, and his grin widened. 
“Why’s that?” Harry spat, trying to wrench himself free of Ron and Hermione. 
“Didn’t care last time, did you? 
“Be quiet!” “HE KILLED MY MUM AND DAD!” Harry roared, and with a huge effort Harry broke free of Hermione ’s and Ron’s restraint and lunged forward — Harry had forgotten about magic — Harry had forgotten that Harry was short and skinny and thirteen, whereas Black was a tall, full-grown man — all Harry knew was that all Harry wanted to hurt Black as badly as all Harry could and that all Harry didn’t care how much all Harry got hurt in return — Perhaps it was the shock of Harry doing something so stupid, but Black didn’t raise the wands in time — one of Harry’s hands fastened over Harry's wasted wrist, forcing the wand tips away; the knuckles of Harry’s other hand collided with the side of Black’s head and they fell, backward, into the wall — Hermione was screaming; Ron was yelling; there was a blinding flash as the wands in Black’s hand sent a jet of sparks into the air that missed Harry’s face by inches; Harry felt the shrunken arm under Harry's fingers twisting madly, but Harry clung on, Harry's other hand punching every part of Black it could find. 
But Black’s free hand had found Harry’s throat — “No,” he hissed, “I’ve waited too long — ” The fingers tightened, Harry choked, Harry's glasses askew. 
Then Harry saw Hermione ’s foot swing out of nowhere. 
Black let go of Harry with a grunt of pain; Ron had thrown himself on Black’s wand hand and Harry heard a faint clatter — himself fought free of the tangle of bodies and saw himself's own wand rolling across the floor; himself threw himself toward it but — “Argh!” Crookshanks had joined the fray; both sets of front claws had sunk themselves deep into Harry’s arm; Harry threw Harry off, but Crookshanks now darted toward Harry’s wand — “NO YOU DONT!” roared Harry, and YOU DONT!” aimed a kick at Crookshanks that made the cat leap aside, spitting; Harry snatched up Harry's wand and turned — “Get out of the way!” he shouted at Ron and Hermione. 
They didn’t need telling twice. 
Hermione, gasping for breath, Hermione's lip bleeding, scrambled aside, snatching up Hermione's and Ron’s wands. 
Ron crawled to the four- poster and collapsed onto the four- poster, panting, his white face now tinged with green, both hands clutching his broken leg. 
Black was sprawled at the bottom of the wall. 
Black thin chest rose and fell rapidly as Black watched Harry walking slowly nearer, Harry's wand pointing straight at Black’s heart. 
“Going to kill me, Harry?” Harry? 
Harry stopped right above him, Harry's wand still pointing at Black’s chest, looking down at Harry. 
A livid bruise was rising around Black’s left eye and his nose was bleeding. 
“You killed my parents,” said Harry, his voice shaking slightly, but his wand hand quite steady. 
Black stared up at him out of those sunken eyes. 
“I don’t deny it,” he said very quietly. 
“But if you knew the whole story.” “The whole story?” Harry repeated, a furious pounding in Harry's ears. 
“You sold them to Voldemort. 
“You’ll regret it if you don’t. 
“You never heard her, did you? 
Black blinked and looked down at the cat. 
“Get off,” he murmured, trying to push Crookshanks off he. 
But Crookshanks sank Crookshanks's claws into Black’s robes and wouldn’t shift. 
He turned He's ugly, squashed face to Harry and looked up at Harry with those great yellow eyes. 
To his right, Hermione gave a dry sob. 
Harry stared down at Black and Crookshanks, Harry's grip tightening on the wand. 
So what if he had to kill the cat too? 
It was in league with Black. 
If it was prepared to die, trying to protect Black, that wasn’t Harry’s business. 
If Black wanted to save it, that only proved he cared more for Crookshanks than for Harry’s parents. 
Harry raised the wand. 
Now was the moment to do it. 
Now was the moment to avenge his mother and father. 
He was going to kill Black. 
He had to kill Black. 
This was He's chance. 
The seconds lengthened. 
And still Harry stood frozen there, wand poised, Black staring up at Harry, Crookshanks on his chest. 
Ron’s ragged breathing came from near the bed; Hermione was quite silent. 
And then came a new sound — Muffled footsteps were echoing up through the floor — someone was moving downstairs. 
“WE’RE UP HERE!” Hermione screamed suddenly. 
“WE’RE UP HERE — SIRIUS BLACK — QUICK!” Black made a startled movement that almost dislodged Crookshanks; Harry gripped Harry's wand convulsively — Do it nouA said a voice in nouA's head — but the footsteps were thundering up the stairs and Harry still hadn’t done it. 
The door of the room burst open in a shower of red sparks and Harry wheeled around as Professor Lupin came hurtling into the room, Professor Lupin's face bloodless, Professor Lupin's wand raised and ready. 
His eyes flickered over Ron, lying on the floor, over Hermione, cowering next to the door, to Harry, standing there with Harry's wand covering Black, and then to Black himself, crumpled and bleeding at Harry’s feet. 
“ ExpelliarmusV’ Lupin shouted. 
He didn’t understand what Lupin meant. 
Who was Lupin talking about? 
He turned to look at Black again. 
Black’s face was quite expressionless. 
For a few seconds, he didn’t move at all. 
Then, very slowly, he raised his empty hand and pointed straight at Ron. 
Mystified, Harry glanced around at Ron, who looked bewildered. 
“But then ,” Lupin muttered, staring at Black so intently it seemed he was trying to read his mind, " why hasn’t he shown he before now? 
Unless” — Lupin’s eyes suddenly widened, as though he was seeing something beyond Black, something none of the rest could see, “ — unless he was the one unless you switched without telling me?” Very slowly, his sunken gaze never leaving Lupin’s face, Black nodded. 
“Professor,” Harry interrupted loudly, “what’s going on — ?” But Harry never finished the question, because what Harry saw made Harry's voice die in Harry's throat. 
Lupin was lowering his wand, gazing fixedly at Black. 
The Professor walked to Black’s side, seized The Professor's hand, pulled The Professor to The Professor's feet so that Crookshanks fell to the floor, and embraced Black like a brother. 
Harry felt as though the bottom had dropped out of Harry's stomach. 
“I DONT BELIEVE IT!” Hermione screamed. 
Lupin let go of Black and turned to her. 
her had raised her off the floor and was pointing at Lupin, wild-eyed. 
“You — you — ” “Hermione — ” “ — you and him!” “Hermione, calm down — ” “I didn’t tell anyone!” Hermione shrieked. 
“I’ve been covering up for you — ” “Hermione, listen to me, please!” Lupin shouted. 
“I can explain — ” Harry could feel Harry shaking, not with fear, but with a fresh wave of fury. 
“I trusted you,” Harry shouted at Lupin, Harry's voice wavering out of control, “and all the time you’ve been Harry's friend!” “You’re wrong,” said Lupin. 
“I haven’t been Sirius’s friend, but I am now — Let me explain. 
“Harry, don’t trust Harry, Harry’s been helping Black get into the castle, Harry wants you dead too — Harry’s a werewolf.” There was a ringing silence. 
Everyone’s eyes were now on Lupin, who looked remarkably calm, though rather pale. 
“Not at all up to your usual standard, Hermione,” he said. 
“Only one out of three, I’m afraid. 
“But I won’t deny that I am a werewolf.” Ron made a valiant effort to get up again but fell back with a whimper of pain. 
Lupin made toward him, looking concerned, but Ron gasped, “Get away from me, werewolf” Lupin stopped dead. 
Then, with an obvious effort, him turned to Hermione and said, “How long have you known?” “Ages,” Hermione whispered. 
“Since I did Professor Snape’s essay. 
“He assigned that essay hoping someone would realize what my symptoms meant. 
Lupin forced a laugh. 
“You’re the cleverest witch of your age I’ve ever met, Hermione.” “I’m not,” Hermione whispered. 
“If I’d been a bit cleverer, I’d have told everyone what you are!” “But they already know,” said Lupin. 
“At least, the staff do.” “Dumbledore hired you when “Dumbledore knew you were a werewolf?” Ron gasped. 
“Is he mad?” “Some of the staff thought so,” said Lupin. 
“he had to work very hard to convince certain teachers that I’m trustworthy — ” “AND he WAS WRONG!” Harry yelled. 
“YOU VE BEEN HELPING Harry ALL THE TIME!” he was pointing at Black, who suddenly crossed to the four-poster bed and sank onto it, his face hidden in one shaking hand. 
Crookshanks leapt up beside Crookshanks and stepped onto Crookshanks's lap, purring. 
Ron edged away from both of them, dragging his leg. 
“I have not been helping Sirius,” said Lupin. 
“If you’ll give me a chance, I’ll explain. 
“There,” said Lupin, sticking his own wand back into his belt. 
“You’re armed, we’re not. 
Was it a trick? 
“If you haven’t been helping him,” him said, with a furious glance at Black, “how did you know him was here?” “The map,” said Lupin. 
“The Marauder’s Map. 
“Of course I know how to work it,” said Lupin, waving his hand impatiently. 
“I helped write it. 
Little patches of dust rose at his feet. 
“You might have been wearing your father’s old cloak, Harry — ” “How d’you know about the cloak?” “The number of times I saw James disappearing under it ,” said Lupin, waving an impatient hand again. 
“The point is, even if you’re wearing an Invisibility Cloak, you still show up on the Marauder’s Map. 
“No, we weren’t!” “I couldn’t believe my eyes,” said Lupin, still pacing, and ignoring Harry’s interruption. 
“I thought the map must be malfunctioning. 
“And then I saw another dot, moving fast toward you, labeled Sirius Black. 
“No, Ron,” said Lupin. 
“Two of you.” He had stopped He's pacing, He's eyes moving over Ron. 
“Do you think I could have a look at the rat?” he said evenly. 
“What?” said Ron. 
“What’s Scabbers got to do with it?” “Everything,” said Lupin. 
“Could I see ’s Scabbers, please?” Ron hesitated, then put a hand inside ’s Scabbers's robes. 
Scabbers emerged, thrashing desperately; Ron had to seize his long bald tail to stop his escaping. 
Crookshanks stood up on Black’s leg and made a soft hissing noise. 
Lupin moved closer to Ron. 
He seemed to be holding He's breath as He gazed intently at Scabbers. 
“What?” Ron said again, holding Scabbers close to him, looking scared. 
“What’s my rat got to do with anything?” “That’s not a rat,” croaked Sirius Black suddenly. 
“What d’you mean — of course he’s a rat — ” “No, he’s not,” said Lupin quietly. 
“he’s a wizard.” “An Animagus,” said Black, “by the name of Peter Pettigrew.” It took a few seconds for the absurdity of this statement to sink in. 
Then Ron voiced what Harry was thinking. 
“You’re both mental.” “Ridiculous!” said Hermione faintly. 
“Peter Pettigrew’s dead!” said Harry. 
“He killed him twelve years ago!” He pointed at Black, whose face twitched convulsively. 
“I meant to,” He growled, He's yellow teeth bared, “but little Peter got the better of me not this time, though!” And Crookshanks was thrown to the floor as Black lunged at Scabbers; Ron yelled with pain as Black’s weight fell on his broken leg. 
“Sirius, NO!” Lupin yelled, launching himself forwards and dragging Black away from Ron again, “WAIT! 
One hand was still clawing the air as it tried to reach Scabbers, who was squealing like a piglet, scratching Ron’s face and neck as he tried to escape. 
“They’ve — got — a — right — to — know — everything!” Lupin panted, still trying to restrain Black. 
“Ron’s kept him as a pet! 
“All right, then,” Black said, without taking his eyes off the rat. 
“Tell them whatever you like. 
“I’ve had enough of this. 
“You’re going to hear me out, Ron,” he said quietly. 
“Just keep a tight hold on Peter while you listen.” “Peter’S NOT PETER, Peter’S SCABBERS!” Ron yelled, trying to force the rat back into his front pocket, but Scabbers was fighting too hard; Ron swayed and overbalanced, and Harry caught him and pushed him back down to the bed. 
Then, ignoring Black, Harry turned to Lupin. 
“There were witnesses who saw Pettigrew die,” he said. 
“A whole street full of them ” “They didn’t see what They thought They saw!” said Black savagely, still watching Scabbers struggling in Ron’s hands. 
“Everyone thought Sirius killed Peter,” said Lupin, nodding. 
“I believed it myself — until I saw the map tonight. 
Their story made no sense whatsoever. 
How could Scabbers be Peter Pettigrew? 
Azkaban must have unhinged Black after all — but why was Lupin playing along with him? 
Then Hermione spoke, in a trembling, would-be calm sort of voice, as though trying to will Professor Lupin to talk sensibly. 
“But Professor Lupin Scabbers can’t be Pettigrew it just can’t be true, you know it can’t ” “Why can’t it be true?” Professor Lupin said calmly, as though they were in class, and Hermione had simply spotted a problem in an experiment with grindylows. 
“Because because people would know if Peter Pettigrew had been an Animagus. 
“Right again, Hermione!” Hermione! 
“But the Ministry never knew that there used to be three unregistered Animagi running around Hogwarts.” “If you’re going to tell them the story, get a move on, Remus,” snarled Black, who was still watching Scabbers’s every desperate move. 
“I’ve waited twelve years, I’m not going to wait much longer.” “All right but you’ll need to help me, Sirius,” said Lupin, “I only know how it began ” Lupin broke off. 
There had been a loud creak behind him. 
The bedroom door had opened of The bedroom door own accord. 
All five of them stared at The bedroom door. 
Then Lupin strode toward it and looked out into the landing. 
“No one there ” “This place is haunted!” said Ron. 
“It’s not,” said Lupin, still looking at the door in a puzzled way. 
“The Shrieking Shack was never haunted. 
Ron started to interrupt, but Hermione said, “Shh!” Hermione was watching Lupin very intently. 
“I was a very small boy when I received the bite. 
“I told you, months ago, that the Whomping Willow was planted the year I came to Hogwarts. 
The only sound apart from Lupin’s voice was Scabbers’s frightened squeaking. 
“My transformations in those days were — were terrible. 
“Yes, indeed,” said Lupin. 
“It took them the best part of three years to work out how to do it. 
“They couldn’t keep me company as humans, so They kept me company as animals,” said Lupin. 
“A werewolf is only a danger to people. 
“I’m getting there, Sirius, I’m getting there well, highly exciting possibilities were open to us now that us could all transform. 
“That was still really dangerous! 
“And there were near misses, many of them. 
“All this year, I have been battling with myself, wondering whether I should tell Dumbledore that Sirius was an Animagus. 
“What’s Snape got to do with it?” “He’s here, Sirius,” said Lupin heavily. 
“He’s teaching here as well.” He looked up at Harry, Ron, and Hermione. 
“Professor Snape was at school with us. 
“It served him right,” him sneered. 
“Sneaking around, trying to find out what we were up to hoping he could get we expelled. 
“we were in the same year, you know, and we — er — didn’t like each other very much. 
Severus Snape was pulling off the Invisibility Cloak, Severus Snape's wand pointing directly at Lupin. 
Hermione screamed. 
Black leapt to his feet. 
Harry felt as though Harry’d received a huge electric shock. 
“I found this at the base of the Whomping Willow,” said Snape, throwing the cloak aside, careful to keep this wand pointing directly at Lupin’s chest. 
“Very useful, Potter, I thank you. 
“You’re wondering, perhaps, how I knew you were here?” he said, his eyes glittering. 
“I’ve just been to your office, Lupin. 
“I’ve told the headmaster again and again that you’re helping your old friend Black into the castle, Lupin, and here’s the proof. 
“You haven’t heard everything — I can explain — Sirius is not here to kill Harry — ” “Two more for Azkaban tonight,” said Snape, his eyes now gleaming fanatically. 
“I shall be interested to see how Dumbledore takes this. 
“Is a schoolboy grudge worth putting an innocent man back inside Azkaban?” BANG! 
Thin, snakelike cords burst from the end of Snape’s wand and twisted themselves around Lupin’s mouth, wrists, and ankles; he overbalanced and fell to the floor, unable to move. 
With a roar of rage, Black started toward Snape, but Snape pointed Snape's wand straight between Black’s eyes. 
“Give me a reason,” he whispered. 
“Give me a reason to do it, and I swear I will.” Black stopped dead. 
It would have been impossible to say which face showed more hatred. 
Harry stood there, paralyzed, not knowing what to do or whom to believe. 
Harry glanced around at Ron and Hermione. 
Ron looked just as confused as he did, still fighting to keep hold on the struggling Scabbers. 
Hermione, however, took an uncertain step toward Snape and said, in a very breathless voice, “Professor Snape — it — it wouldn’t hurt to hear what they’ve got to say, w — would it?” “Miss Granger, you are already facing suspension from this school,” Snape spat. 
“You, Potter, and Weasley are out-of-bounds, in the company of a convicted murderer and a werewolf. 
“DONT TALK ABOUT WHAT YOU DONT UNDERSTAND!” A few sparks shot out of the end of his wand, which was still pointed at Black’s face. 
Hermione fell silent. 
“Vengeance is very sweet,” Snape breathed at Black. 
“How I hoped I would be the one to catch you. 
“As long as this boy brings this boy's rat up to the castle” — he jerked his head at Ron — “I’ll come quietly. 
“I don’t think we need to go that far. 
“You — you’ve got to hear me out,” he croaked. 
“The rat — look at the rat — ” But there was a mad glint in Snape ’s eyes that Harry had never seen before. 
Harry seemed beyond reason. 
“Come on, all of you,” Harry said. 
Harry clicked Harry's fingers, and the ends of the cords that bound Lupin flew to his hands. 
“Ill drag the werewolf. 
“Get out of the way, Potter, you’re in enough trouble already,” snarled Snape. 
“If I hadn’t been here to save your skin — ” “Professor Lupin could have killed me about a hundred times this year,” Harry said. 
“I’ve been alone with Harry loads of times, having defense lessons against the dementors. 
“Get out of the way, Potter.” “YOU’RE PATHETIC!” Harry yelled. 
“JUST BECAUSE THEY MADE A FOOL OF YOU AT SCHOOL YOU WONT EVEN LISTEN — ” “SILENCE! 
“Like father, like son, Potter! 
Before Snape could take even one step toward him, Snape had raised Snape's wand. 
“ Expelliarmus\” he yelled — except that his wasn’t the only voice that shouted. 
There was a blast that made the door rattle on its hinges; Snape was lifted off Snape's feet and slammed into the wall, then slid down Snape's feet to the floor, a trickle of blood oozing from under Snape's hair. 
Snape had been knocked out. 
Harry looked around. 
Both Ron and Hermione had tried to disarm Snape at exactly the same moment. 
Snape ’s wand soared in a high arc and landed on the bed next to Crookshanks. 
“You shouldn’t have done that,” said Black, looking at Harry. 
“You should have left Harry to me. 
Harry wasn’t sure, even now, that He’d done the right thing. 
“We attacked a teacher. 
“Oh, we’re going to be in so much trouble — ” Lupin was struggling against his bonds. 
Black bent down quickly and untied him. 
Lupin straightened up, rubbing his arms where the ropes had cut into them. 
“Thank you, Harry,” he said. 
“I’m still not saying I believe you,” he told Lupin. 
“Then it’s time we offered you some proof,” said Lupin. 
“You, boy — give me Peter, please. 
“Come off it,” he said weakly. 
“Are you trying to say he broke out of Azkaban just to get his hands on Scabbers ? 
“How did you find out where he was?” Black put one of his clawlike hands inside his robes and took out a crumpled piece of paper, which he smoothed flat and held out to show the others. 
It was the photograph of Ron and his family that had appeared in the Daily Prophet the previous summer, and there, on Ron’s shoulder, was Scabbers. 
“How did you get this?” Lupin asked Black, thunderstruck. 
“Fudge,” said Black. 
“When he came to inspect Azkaban last year, he gave me his paper. 
“he front paw ” “What about it?” said Ron defiantly. 
“He’s got a toe missing,” said Black. 
“Of course,” Lupin breathed. 
“So simple so brilliant he cut it off he?” “Just before he transformed,” said Black. 
“When I cornered he, he yelled for the whole street to hear that I’d betrayed Lily and James. 
“The biggest bit of Peter they found was Peter's finger.” “Look, Scabbers probably had a fight with another rat or something! 
“Didn’t you ever wonder why he was living so long?” “We — We’ve been taking good care of him!” said Ron. 
“Not looking too good at the moment, though, is he?” said Lupin. 
“I’d guess he’s been losing weight ever since he heard Sirius was on the loose again. 
But that wasn’t right, Harry thought suddenly. 
Scabbers had been looking ill before Harry met Crookshanks ever since Ron’s return from Egypt since the time when Black had escaped. 
“This cat isn’t mad,” said Black hoarsely. 
This cat reached out a bony hand and stroked Crookshanks ’s fluffy head. 
“He’s the most intelligent of He's kind I’ve ever met. 
“He tried to bring Peter to me, but couldn’t so He stole the passwords into Gryffindor Tower for me. 
It was absurd and yet “But Peter got wind of what was going on and ran for it. 
“This cat — Crookshanks, did you call him? 
“And why did he fake his death?” he said furiously. 
“Because he knew you were about to kill him like you killed my parents!” “No,” said Lupin, “Harry — ” “And now you’ve come to finish he off!” “Yes, I have,” said Black, with an evil look at Scabbers. 
“Then I should’ve let Snape take you!” Harry shouted. 
“Harry,” said Lupin hurriedly, “don’t you see? 
“Harry WAS THEIR SECRET-KEEPER! 
“Harry I as good as killed them,” Harry croaked. 
“I persuaded Lily and James to change to Peter at the last moment, persuaded Lily and James to use Peter as Secret- Keeper instead of me. 
He turned away. 
“Enough of this,” said Lupin, and there was a steely note in his voice Harry had never heard before. 
“There’s one certain way to prove what really happened. 
“Force him to show him,” said Lupin. 
“If him really is a rat, it won’t hurt him.” Ron hesitated. 
Then at long last, he held out Scabbers and Lupin took he. 
Scabbers began to squeak without stopping, twisting and turning, Scabbers's tiny black eyes bulging in Scabbers's head. 
“Ready, Sirius?” said Lupin. 
Black had already retrieved Snape’s wand from the bed. 
Snape’s approached Lupin and the struggling rat, and Snape’s's wet eyes suddenly seemed to be burning in Snape's face. 
“Together?” he said quietly. 
“I think so,” said Lupin, holding Scabbers tightly in one hand and his wand in the other. 
“On the count of three. 
There was another blinding flash of light and then — It was like watching a speeded-up film of a growing tree. 
A head was shooting upward from the ground; limbs were sprouting; a moment later, a man was standing where Scabbers had been, cringing and wringing a man's hands. 
Crookshanks was spitting and snarling on the bed; the hair on his back was standing up. 
He was a very short man, hardly taller than Harry and Hermione. 
He thin, colorless hair was unkempt and there was a large bald patch on top. 
He had the shrunken appearance of a plump man who has lost a lot of weight in a short time. 
He skin looked grubby, almost like Scabbers ’s fur, and something of the rat lingered around He's pointed nose and He's very small, watery eyes. 
He looked around at them all, He's breathing fast and shallow. 
Harry saw Harry's eyes dart to the door and back again. 
“Well, hello, Peter,” said Lupin pleasantly, as though rats frequently erupted into old school friends around him. 
“Long time, no see.” “S — Sirius R — Remus ” Even Pettigrew’s voice was squeaky. 
Again, — Remus ”'s eyes darted toward the door. 
“My friends my old friends ” Black’s wand arm rose, but Lupin seized him around the wrist, gave him a warning look, then turned again to Pettigrew, his voice light and casual. 
“We’ve been having a little chat, Peter, about what happened the night Lily and James died. 
“I’d like to clear up one or two little matters with you, Peter, if you’d be so — ” “He’s come to try and kill me again!” Pettigrew squeaked suddenly, pointing at Black, and Harry saw that Harry used Harry's middle finger, because Harry's index was missing. 
“He killed Lily and James and now He’s going to kill me too. 
“No one’s going to try and kill you until we’ve sorted a few things out,” said Lupin. 
“Sorted things out?” squealed Pettigrew, looking wildly about Pettigrew once more, eyes taking in the boarded windows and, again, the only door. 
“I knew he’d come after me! 
“When nobody has ever done it before?” “He’s got dark powers the rest of us can only dream of!” Pettigrew shouted shrilly. 
“How else did he get out of there? 
“Voldemort, teach me tricks?” he said. 
Pettigrew flinched as though Black had brandished a whip at him. 
“What, scared to hear your old master’s name?” said Black. 
“I don’t blame you, Peter. 
Peter whole face was shining with sweat now. 
“You haven’t been hiding from me for twelve years,” said Black. 
“You’ve been hiding from Voldemort’s old supporters. 
“Innocent, but scared!” squealed Pettigrew. 
“If Voldemort’s supporters were after me, it was because I put one of Voldemort’s supporters's best men in Azkaban — the spy, Sirius Black!” Black’s face contorted. 
“How dare you,” he growled, sounding suddenly like the bear-sized dog he had been. 
“I, a spy for Voldemort? 
“Me, a spy must be out of your mind never don’t know how you can say such a — ” “Lily and James only made you Secret-Keeper because I suggested it,” Black hissed, so venomously that Pettigrew took a step backward. 
“I thought it was the perfect plan a bluff. 
“Professor Lupin?” said Hermione timidly. 
“Can — can I say something?” “Certainly, Hermione,” said Lupin courteously. 
“Well — Scabbers — I mean, this — this man — this man’s been sleeping in Harry’s dormitory for three years. 
“Thank you! 
“Because you never did anything for anyone unless you could see what was in it for you. 
He seemed to have lost the ability to talk. 
“Er — Mister Black — Sirius?” said Hermione. 
Black jumped at being addressed like this and stared at Hermione as though he had never seen anything quite like Hermione. 
“If you don’t mind me asking, how — how did you get out of Azkaban, if you didn’t use Dark Magic?” “Thank you!” gasped Pettigrew, nodding frantically at her. 
“Exactly! 
Black was frowning slightly at Hermione, but not as though he were annoyed with her. 
he seemed to be pondering his answer. 
“I don’t know how I did it,” he said slowly. 
“I think the only reason I never lost my mind is that I knew I was innocent. 
“They feel They's way toward people by feeding off people's emotions. 
ready to strike at the moment he could be sure of allies and to deliver the last Potter to allies. 
If he gave them Harry, who’d dare say he’d betrayed Lord Voldemort? 
He’d be welcomed back with honors. 
“So you see, I had to do something. 
“The guards say he’s been talking in his sleep always the same words ‘he’s at Hog warts.’ “It was as if someone had lit a fire in my head, and the dementors couldn’t destroy it. 
“Believe me,” croaked Black. 
“Believe me, Harry. 
Throat too tight to speak, Throat nodded. 
“No!” Pettigrew had fallen to Pettigrew's knees as though Harry’s nod had been Harry's own death sentence. 
Harry shuffled forward on Harry's knees, groveling, Harry's hands clasped in front of him as though praying. 
“Sirius — it’s me it’s Peter your friend you wouldn’t ” Black kicked out and Pettigrew recoiled. 
“There’s enough filth on my robes without you touching them,” said Black. 
“Remus!” Pettigrew squeaked, turning to Lupin instead, writhing imploringly in front of him. 
“You don’t believe this wouldn’t Sirius have told you they’d changed the plan?” “Not if he thought I was the spy, Peter,” said Lupin. 
“I assume that’s why you didn’t tell me, Sirius?” Sirius? 
“Forgive me, Remus,” said Black. 
“Not at all, Padfoot, old friend,” said Lupin, who was now rolling up his sleeves. 
“And will you, in turn, forgive me for believing you were the spy?” “Of course,” said Black, and the ghost of a grin flitted across his gaunt face. 
his, too, began rolling up his sleeves. 
“Shall we kill his together?” “Yes, I think so,” said Lupin grimly. 
“You wouldn’t you won’t ,” gasped Pettigrew. 
And he scrambled around to Ron. 
“Ron haven’t I been a good friend a good pet? 
“I let you sleep in my bed\” he said. 
“Kind boy kind master ” Pettigrew crawled toward Ron, “you won’t let them do it. 
Ron, going still paler with pain, wrenched his broken leg out of Pettigrew’s reach. 
Pettigrew turned on Pettigrew's knees, staggered forward, and seized the hem of Hermione’s robes. 
“Sweet girl clever girl you — you won’t let them. 
Pettigrew knelt, trembling uncontrollably, and turned his head slowly toward Harry. 
“Harry Harry you look just like your father just like Harry Harry. 
“HOW DARE YOU FACE HIM? 
“Harry, James wouldn’t have wanted me killed. 
James sat there, twitching with terror, staring up at terror. 
“You sold Lily and James to Voldemort,” said Black, who was shaking too. 
“Do you deny it?” Pettigrew burst into tears. 
It was horrible to watch, like an oversized, balding baby, cowering on the floor. 
“Sirius, Sirius, what could I have done? 
“YOU’D BEEN PASSING INFORMATION TO HIM FOR A YEAR BEFORE LILY AND JAMES DIED! 
“Wh — what was there to be gained by refusing him?” “What was there to be gained by fighting the most evil wizard who has ever existed?” said Black, with a terribly fury in his face. 
“Only innocent lives, Peter!” “You don’t understand!” whined Pettigrew. 
“He would have killed me, Sirius!” “THEN YOU SHOULD HAVE DIED!” roared Black. 
“DIED RATHER THAN BETRAY YOUR FRIENDS, AS WE WOULD HAVE DONE FOR YOU!” Black and Lupin stood shoulder to shoulder, wands raised. 
“You should have realized,” said Lupin quietly, “if Voldemort didn’t kill you, we would. 
“NO!” Harry yelled. 
Harry ran forward, placing Harry in front of Pettigrew, facing the wands. 
“You can’t kill him,” him said breathlessly. 
“You can’t.” Black and Lupin both looked staggered. 
“Harry, this piece of vermin is the reason you have no parents,” Black snarled. 
“This cringing bit of filth would have seen you die too, without turning a hair. 
“We’ll take him up to the castle. 
“You — thank you — it’s more than I deserve — thank you — ” “Get off me,” Harry spat, throwing Pettigrew’s hands off him in disgust. 
“I’m not doing this for you. 
Black and Lupin were looking at each other. 
Then, with one movement, Black and Lupin lowered Black and Lupin's wands. 
“You’re the only person who has the right to decide, Harry,” said Black. 
“But think think what he did. 
“If anyone deserves that place, he does. 
“Very well,” said Lupin. 
“Stand aside, Harry.” Harry hesitated. 
“I’m going to tie Harry up,” said Lupin. 
“That’s all, I swear.” Harry stepped out of the way. 
Thin cords shot from Lupin’s wand this time, and next moment, Pettigrew was wriggling on the floor, bound and gagged. 
“But if you transform, Peter,” growled Black, his own wand pointing at Pettigrew too, “we will kill you. 
“Right,” said Lupin, suddenly businesslike. 
“Ron, I can’t mend bones nearly as well as Madam Pomfrey, so I think it’s best if we just strap your leg up until we can get you to the hospital wing.” He hurried over to Ron, bent down, tapped Ron’s leg with his wand, and muttered, “Ferula.” Bandages spun up Ron’s leg, strapping it tightly to a splint. 
Lupin helped him to his feet; Ron put his weight gingerly on the leg and didn’t wince. 
“That’s better,” he said. 
“Thanks.” “What about Professor Snape?” said Hermione in a small voice, looking down at Professor Snape’s prone figure. 
“There’s nothing seriously wrong with him,” said Lupin, bending over Professor Snape and checking Professor Snape's pulse. 
“You were just a little — overenthusiastic. 
He hung a few inches above the ground, He's limp feet dangling. 
Lupin picked up the Invisibility Cloak and tucked the Invisibility Cloak safely into his pocket. 
“And two of us should be chained to this,” said Black, nudging Pettigrew with his toe. 
“Just to make sure.” “I’ll do it,” said Lupin. 
“And me,” said Ron savagely, limping forward. 
Black conjured heavy manacles from thin air; soon Pettigrew was upright again, left arm chained to Lupin’s right, right arm to Ron’s left. 
Ron’s face was set. 
He seemed to have taken Scabbers’s true identity as a personal insult. 
Crookshanks leapt lightly off the bed and led the way out of the room, his bottlebrush tail held jauntily high. 
Harry had never been part of a stranger group. 
Crookshanks led the way down the stairs; Lupin, Pettigrew, and Ron went next, looking like entrants in a six-legged race. 
Next came Professor Snape, drifting creepily along, his toes hitting each stair as they descended, held up by his own wand, which was being pointed at his by Sirius. 
Harry and Hermione brought up the rear. 
Getting back into the tunnel was difficult. 
Lupin, Pettigrew, and Ron had to turn sideways to manage it; Lupin still had Pettigrew covered with his wand. 
Harry could see them edging awkwardly along the tunnel in single file. 
Crookshanks was still in the lead. 
Harry went right after Black, who was still making Snape drift along ahead of them; Harry kept bumping Harry's lolling head on the low ceiling. 
Harry had the impression Black was making no effort to prevent this. 
“You know what this means?” Black said abruptly to Harry as Black made Black's slow progress along the tunnel. 
“Turning Pettigrew in?” “You’re free,” said Harry. 
“Yes ,” said Black. 
“But I’m also — I don’t know if anyone ever told you — I’m your godfather.” “Yeah, I knew that,” said Harry. 
“Well your parents appointed me your guardian,” said Black stiffly. 
“If anything happened to them ” Harry waited. 
Did Black mean what Harry thought Harry meant? 
“I’ll understand, of course, if you want to stay with your aunt and uncle,” said Black. 
“But well think about it. 
“What — live with you?” he said, accidentally cracking his head on a bit of rock protruding from the ceiling. 
“Leave the Dursleys?” “Of course, I thought you wouldn’t want to,” said Black quickly. 
“I understand, I just thought I’d — ” “Are you insane?” said Harry, Harry's voice easily as croaky as Black’s. 
“Of course I want to leave the Dursleys! 
“You want to?” he said. 
“You mean it?” “Yeah, I mean it!” said Harry. 
Black’s gaunt face broke into the first true smile Harry had seen upon it. 
The difference it made was startling, as though a person ten years younger were shining through the starved mask; for a moment, he was recognizable as the man who had laughed at Harry’s parents’ wedding. 
They did not speak again until They had reached the end of the tunnel. 
Crookshanks darted up first; Crookshanks had evidently pressed Crookshanks's paw to the knot on the trunk, because Lupin, Pettigrew, and Ron clambered upward without any sound of savaging branches. 
Black saw Snape up through the hole, then stood back for Harry and Hermione to pass. 
At last, all of them were out. 
The grounds were very dark now; the only light came from the distant windows of the castle. 
Without a word, they set off. 
Pettigrew was still wheezing and occasionally whimpering. 
Harry’s mind was buzzing. 
Harry was going to leave the Dursleys. 
Harry was going to live with Sirius Black, He's parents’ best friend. 
Harry felt dazed. 
What would happen when Harry told the Dursleys Harry was going to live with the convict they’d seen on television ! 
“One wrong move, Peter,” said Lupin threateningly ahead. 
His wand was still pointed sideways at Pettigrew’s chest. 
Silently they tramped through the grounds, the castle lights growing slowly larger. 
Snape was still drifting weirdly ahead of Black, Snape's chin bumping on Snape's chest. 
And then — A cloud shifted. 
There were suddenly dim shadows on the ground. 
Their party was bathed in moonlight. 
Snape collided with Lupin, Pettigrew, and Ron, who had stopped abruptly. 
Black froze. 
He flung out one arm to make Harry and Hermione stop. 
Harry could see Lupin’s silhouette. 
Harry had gone rigid. 
Then Harry's limbs began to shake. 
“Oh, my — ” Hermione gasped. 
“He didn’t take He's potion tonight! 
“Run. 
Ron was chained to Pettigrew and Lupin. 
He leapt forward but Black caught him around the chest and threw him back. 
“Leave it to me — RUN!” There was a terrible snarling noise. 
Lupin’s head was lengthening. 
So was his body. 
his shoulders were hunching. 
Hair was sprouting visibly on his face and hands, which were curling into clawed paws. 
Crookshanks’s hair was on end again; Crookshanks’s was backing away — As the werewolf reared, snapping its long jaws, Sirius disappeared from Harry’s side. 
Harry had transformed. 
The enormous, bearlike dog bounded forward. 
As the werewolf wrenched itself free of the manacle binding it, the dog seized it about the neck and pulled it backward, away from Ron and Pettigrew. 
They were locked, jaw to jaw, claws ripping at each other — Harry stood, transfixed by the sight, too intent upon the battle to notice anything else. 
It was Hermione’s scream that alerted him — Pettigrew had dived for Lupin’s dropped wand. 
Ron, unsteady on his bandaged leg, fell. 
There was a bang, a burst of light — and Ron lay motionless on the ground. 
Another bang — Crookshanks flew into the air and back to the earth in a heap. 
“ ExpelliarmusV’ Harry yelled, pointing his own wand at Pettigrew; Lupin’s wand flew high into the air and out of sight. 
Too late. 
Pettigrew had transformed. 
Harry saw Harry's bald tail whip through the manacle on Ron’s outstretched arm and heard a scurrying through the grass. 
There was a howl and a rumbling growl; Harry turned to see the werewolf taking flight; it was galloping into the forest — “Sirius, Harry’s gone, Pettigrew transformed!” Harry yelled. 
Black was bleeding; there were gashes across his muzzle and back, but at Harry’s words Harry scrambled up again, and in an instant, the sound of Harry's paws faded to silence as Harry pounded away across the grounds. 
Harry and Hermione dashed over to Ron. 
“What did he do to him?” Hermione whispered. 
Ron’s eyes were only half-closed, Ron’s's mouth hung open; Ron’s was definitely alive, they could hear Ron’s breathing, but Ron’s didn’t seem to recognize they. 
“I don’t know. 
Black and Lupin both gone they had no one but Snape for company, still hanging, unconscious, in midair. 
“We’d better get them up to the castle and tell someone,” said Harry, pushing Harry's hair out of Harry's eyes, trying to think straight. 
Come — ” But then, from beyond the range of their vision, their heard a yelping, a whining: a dog in pain. 
“Sirius,” Harry muttered, staring into the darkness. 
Harry had a moment’s indecision, but there was nothing they could do for Ron at the moment, and by the sound of it, Black was in trouble — Harry set off at a run, Hermione right behind him. 
The yelping seemed to be coming from the ground near the edge of the lake. 
They pelted toward it, and Harry, running flat out, felt the cold without realizing what it must mean — The yelping stopped abruptly. 
As they reached the lakeshore, they saw why — Sirius had turned back into a man. 
a man was crouched on all fours, a man's hands over a man's head. 
“iVooo,” he moaned. 
“Noooo please. 
Dementors, at least a hundred of them, gliding in a black mass around the lake toward them. 
He spun around, the familiar, icy cold penetrating He's insides, fog starting to obscure He's vision; more were appearing out of the darkness on every side; they were encircling them. 
“Hermione, think of something happy!” Harry yelled, raising Harry's wand, blinking furiously to try and clear Harry's vision, shaking Harry's head to rid it of the faint screaming that had started inside it — I’m going to live with my godfather. 
I’m leaving the Dursleys. 
He forced He to think of Black, and only Black, and began to chant: “Expecto patronum). 
Hell be all right. 
I’m going to go and live with him. 
“Expecto patronum). 
“EXPECTO PATRONUM.” A thin wisp of silver escaped his wand and hovered like mist before him. 
At the same moment, Harry felt Hermione collapse next to Harry. 
Harry was alone completely alone. 
“Expecto — expecto patronum — ” Harry felt Harry's knees hit the cold grass. 
Fog was clouding his eyes. 
With a huge effort, he fought to remember — Sirius was innocent — innocent — We’ll be okay — I’m going to live with he — “ Expecto patronum J” Expecto patronum J gasped. 
By the feeble light of his formless Patronus, his saw a dementor halt, very close to his. 
It couldn’t walk through the cloud of silver mist Harry had conjured. 
A dead, slimy hand slid out from under the cloak. 
It made a gesture as though to sweep the Patronus aside. 
“No — no — ” Harry gasped. 
“He’s innocent expecto — expecto patronum — ” He could feel them watching He, hear them's rattling breath like an evil wind around He. 
The nearest dementor seemed to be considering He. 
Then The nearest dementor raised both The nearest dementor rotting hands — and lowered The nearest dementor hood. 
Where there should have been eyes, there was only thin, gray scabbed skin, stretched blankly over empty sockets. 
But there was a mouth a gaping, shapeless hole, sucking the air with the sound of a death rattle. 
A paralyzing terror filled Harry so that Harry couldn’t move or speak. 
Harry Patronus flickered and died. 
White fog was blinding Harry Patronus. 
He had to fight expecto patronum He couldn’t see and in the distance, He heard the familiar screaming expecto patronum He groped in the mist for Sirius, and found He's arm they weren’t going to take He. 
But a pair of strong, clammy hands suddenly attached themselves around Harry’s neck. 
themselves were forcing Harry's face upward. 
Harry could feel its breath. 
It was going to get rid of Harry first. 
Harry could feel its putrid breath . 
Harry mother was screaming in Harry's ears. 
Harry mother was going to be the last thing he ever heard — And then, through the fog that was drowning him, him thought him saw a silvery light growing brighter and brighter. 
him felt him fall forward onto the grass. 
Facedown, too weak to move, sick and shaking, Harry opened Harry's eyes. 
The dementor must have released Harry. 
The blinding light was illuminating the grass around him. 
The screaming had stopped, the cold was ebbing away . 
Something was driving the dementors back. 
It was circling around him and Black and Hermione. 
They were leaving. 
The air was warm again. 
With every ounce of strength he could muster, Harry raised Harry's head a few inches and saw an animal amid the light, galloping away across the lake. 
Eyes blurred with sweat, Harry tried to make out what it was. 
It was as bright as a unicorn. 
Fighting to stay conscious, Harry watched it canter to a halt as it reached the opposite shore. 
For a moment, Harry saw, by its brightness, somebody welcoming it back raising Harry's hand to pat it someone who looked strangely familiar but it couldn’t be Harry didn’t understand. 
Harry couldn’t think anymore. 
Harry felt the last of Harry's strength leave Harry, and Harry's head hit the ground as He fainted. 
“Shocking business shocking miracle none of them died never heard the like by thunder, it was lucky you were there, Snape. 
Snape felt very groggy. 
The words he was hearing seemed to be traveling very slowly from his ears to his brain, so that it was difficult to understand. 
he limbs felt like lead; his eyelids too heavy to lift. 
he wanted to lie here, on this comfortable bed, forever. 
“What amazes me most is the behavior of the dementors you’ve really no idea what made them retreat, Snape?” “No, Minister by the time I had come ’round they were heading back to their positions at the entrances. 
Harry’s brain seemed to be moving a little faster, and as it did, a gnawing sensation grew in the pit of Harry's stomach. 
Harry opened Harry's eyes. 
Everything was slightly blurred. 
Somebody had removed his glasses. 
his was lying in the dark hospital wing. 
At the very end of the ward, his could make out Madam Pomfrey with Madam Pomfrey's back to his, bending over a bed. 
Harry squinted. 
Ron’s red hair was visible beneath Madam Pomfrey’s arm. 
Harry moved Harry's head over on the pillow. 
In the bed to his right lay Hermione. 
Moonlight was falling across Moonlight's bed. 
Her eyes were open too. 
Her looked petrified, and when Her saw that Harry was awake, pressed a finger to Her's lips, then pointed to the hospital wing door. 
It was ajar, and the voices of Cornelius Fudge and Snape were coming through it from the corridor outside. 
Madam Pomfrey now came walking briskly up the dark ward to Harry’s bed. 
Madam Pomfrey turned to look at Madam Pomfrey. 
Madam Pomfrey was carrying the largest block of chocolate Madam Pomfrey had ever seen in Madam Pomfrey's life. 
It looked like a small boulder. 
“Ah, you’re awake!” she said briskly. 
she placed the chocolate on Harry’s bedside table and began breaking the chocolate on Harry’s bedside table apart with a small hammer. 
“How’s Ron?” said Harry and Hermione together. 
“He’ll live,” said Madam Pomfrey grimly. 
“As for you two you’ll be staying here until I’m satisfied you’re — Potter, what do you think you’re doing?” Harry was sitting up, putting Harry's glasses back on, and picking up Harry's wand. 
“I need to see the headmaster,” he said. 
“Potter,” said Madam Pomfrey soothingly, “it’s all right. 
But his shout had been heard in the corridor outside; next second, Cornelius Fudge and Snape had entered the ward. 
“Harry, Harry, what’s this?” said Fudge, looking agitated. 
“You should be in bed — has he had any chocolate?” he asked Madam Pomfrey anxiously. 
“Minister, listen!” Harry said. 
“Sirius Black’s innocent! 
“Harry, Harry, you’re very confused, you’ve been through a dreadful ordeal, lie back down, now, we’ve got everything under control. 
“YOU VE GOT THE WRONG MAN!” “Minister, listen, please,” Hermione said; Hermione had hurried to Harry’s side and was gazing imploringly into Fudge’s face. 
“I saw him too. 
“Confunded, both of them. 
“Minister! 
“I must insist that you leave. 
“If they’d just listen But Madam Pomfrey suddenly stuffed a large chunk of chocolate into Harry’s mouth; Harry choked, and Madam Pomfrey seized the opportunity to force him back onto the bed. 
It was Dumbledore. 
Harry swallowed Harry's mouthful of chocolate with great difficulty and got up again. 
“Professor Dumbledore, Sirius Black — ” “For heaven’s sake!” said Madam Pomfrey hysterically. 
“Is this a hospital wing or not? 
“I have just been talking to Sirius Black — ” “I suppose he’s told you the same fairy tale he’s planted in Potter’s mind?” spat Snape. 
“Something about a rat, and Pettigrew being alive — ” “That, indeed, is Black’s story,” said Dumbledore, surveying Snape closely through Snape's half-moon spectacles. 
“And does my evidence count for nothing?” snarled Snape. 
“Peter Pettigrew was not in the Shrieking Shack, nor did I see any sign of Peter Pettigrew on the grounds.” “That was because you were knocked out, Professor!” said Hermione earnestly. 
“You didn’t arrive in time to hear — ” “Miss Granger, HOLD YOUR TONGUE!” “Now, Snape,” said Fudge, startled, “the young lady is disturbed in the young lady's mind, we must make allowances — ” “I would like to speak to Harry and Hermione alone,” said Dumbledore abruptly. 
“Cornelius, Severus, Poppy — please leave us.” “Headmaster!” sputtered Madam Pomfrey “They need treatment, They need rest — ” “This cannot wait,” said Dumbledore. 
“I must insist.” Madam Pomfrey pursed her lips and strode away into her office at the end of the ward, slamming the door behind her. 
Fudge consulted the large gold pocket watch dangling from his waistcoat. 
“The dementors should have arrived by now,” he said. 
“Ill go and meet them. 
“You surely don’t believe a word of Black’s story?” Snape whispered, Snape's eyes fixed on Dumbledore ’s face. 
“I wish to speak to Harry and Hermione alone,” Dumbledore repeated. 
Snape took a step toward Dumbledore. 
“Sirius Black showed he was capable of murder at the age of sixteen,” he breathed. 
“You haven’t forgotten that, Headmaster? 
Snape turned on Snape's heel and marched through the door Fudge was still holding. 
It closed behind them, and Dumbledore turned to Harry and Hermione. 
They both burst into speech at the same time. 
“Professor, Black’s telling the truth — we saw Pettigrew — ” “ — he escaped when Professor Lupin turned into a werewolf — ” “ — he’s a rat — ” “ — Pettigrew’s front paw, I mean, finger, he cut it off “ — Pettigrew attacked Ron, it wasn’t Sirius — ” But Dumbledore held up Dumbledore's hand to stem the flood of explanations. 
“It is your turn to listen, and I beg you will not interrupt me, because there is very little time,” he said quietly. 
“There is not a shred of proof to support Black’s story, except your word — and the word of two thirteen-year-old wizards will not convince anybody. 
“Professor Lupin is currently deep in the forest, unable to tell anyone anything. 
“All because of some stupid trick Sirius played on him — ” “Sirius has not acted like an innocent man. 
“But I have no power to make other men see the truth, or to overrule the Minister of Magic. 
He had grown used to the idea that Dumbledore could solve anything. 
He had expected Dumbledore to pull some amazing solution out of the air. 
But no their last hope was gone. 
“What we need,” said Dumbledore slowly, and Dumbledore's light blue eyes moved from Harry to Hermione, “is more time.” “But — ” Hermione began. 
And then her eyes became very round. 
“OH!” “Now, pay attention,” said Dumbledore, speaking very low, and very clearly. 
“Sirius is locked in Professor Flitwick’s office on the seventh floor. 
Dumbledore had turned on Dumbledore's heel and looked back as Dumbledore reached the door. 
“I am going to lock you in. 
“Three turns? 
“Harry, come here,” she said urgently. 
“Quick).” Harry moved toward her, completely bewildered. 
her was holding the chain out. 
He saw a tiny, sparkling hourglass hanging from a tiny. 
“Here — ” She had thrown the chain around his neck too. 
“Ready?” she said breathlessly. 
“What are we doing?” Harry said, completely lost. 
Hermione turned the hourglass over three times. 
The dark ward dissolved. 
Harry had the sensation that Harry was flying very fast, backward. 
A blur of colors and shapes rushed past Harry, Harry's ears were pounding, Harry tried to yell but couldn’t hear Harry's own voice — And then Harry felt solid ground beneath Harry's feet, and everything came into focus again — his was standing next to Hermione in the deserted entrance hall and a stream of golden sunlight was falling across the paved floor from the open front doors. 
his looked wildly around at Hermione, the chain of the hourglass cutting into his neck. 
“Hermione, what — ?” “In here!” Hermione seized Harry’s arm and dragged Harry across the hall to the door of a broom closet; she opened it, pushed Harry inside among the buckets and mops, then slammed the door behind them. 
“What — how — Hermione, what happened?” “We’ve gone back in time,” Hermione whispered, lifting the chain off Harry’s neck in the darkness. 
“Three hours back ” Harry found Harry's own leg and gave his own leg a very hard pinch. 
It hurt a lot, which seemed to rule out the possibility that he was having a very bizarre dream. 
“But — ” “Shh! 
“Footsteps across the hall yes, I think it’s us going down to Hagrid’s!” “Are you telling me,” Harry whispered, “that we’re here in this cupboard and we’re out there too?” “Yes,” said Hermione, her ear still glued to the cupboard door. 
“I’m sure it’s us. 
“We’ve gone down the front steps. 
“Where did you get that hourglass thing?” “It’s called a Time-Turner,” Hermione whispered, “and I got it from Professor McGonagall on our first day back. 
“There must be something that happened around now he wants our to change,” he said slowly. 
“What happened? 
“We just heard We leaving. 
“Dumbledore just said — just said We could save more than one innocent life. 
“Hermione, we’re going to save Buckbeak!” “But — how will that help Sirius?” “Dumbledore said — ““Dumbledore just told us where the window is — the window of Flitwick’s office! 
“If we manage that without being seen, it’ll be a miracle!” “Well, we’ve got to try, haven’t we?” said Harry. 
Harry stood up and pressed Harry's ear against the door. 
“Doesn’t sound like anyone’s there. 
The entrance hall was deserted. 
As quietly and quickly as they could, they darted out of the closet and down the stone steps. 
The shadows were already lengthening, the tops of the trees in the Forbidden Forest gilded once more with gold. 
“If anyone’s looking out of the window — ” Hermione squeaked, looking up at the castle behind them. 
“Well run for it,” said Harry determinedly. 
“Straight into the forest, all right? 
“We need to keep out of sight of Hagrid’s front door, or well see We! 
They tore across the vegetable gardens to the greenhouses, paused for a moment behind them, then set off again, fast as They could, skirting around the Whomping Willow, tearing toward the shelter of the forest. 
Safe in the shadows of the trees, Harry turned around; seconds later, Hermione arrived beside Harry, panting. 
“Right,” she gasped. 
“We need to sneak over to Hagrid’s. 
Then, as they glimpsed the front of Hagrid’s house, they heard a knock upon his door. 
they moved quickly behind a wide oak trunk and peered out from either side. 
Hagrid had appeared in his doorway, shaking and white, looking around to see who had knocked. 
And Harry heard Harry's own voice. 
“It’s us. 
He stood back, then shut the door quickly. 
“This is the weirdest thing we’ve ever done,” Harry said fervently. 
“Let’s move along a bit,” Hermione whispered. 
“We need to get nearer to Buckbeak!” They crept through the trees until They saw the nervous hippogriff, tethered to the fence around Hagrid’s pumpkin patch. 
“Now?” Harry whispered. 
“No!” said Hermione. 
“If we steal him now, those Committee people will think Hagrid set him free! 
This was starting to seem impossible. 
At that moment, there was a crash of breaking china from inside Hagrid’s cabin. 
“That’s Hagrid breaking the milk jug,” Hermione whispered. 
“I’m going to find Scabbers in a moment — Sure enough, a few minutes later, they heard Hermione ’s shriek of surprise. 
“Don’t you understand? 
“I’d — I’d think I’d gone mad,” said Harry, “or I’d think there was some Dark Magic going on — ” “ Exactly ! 
“It was just an idea, I just thought But Hermione nudged him and pointed toward the castle. 
And sure enough, moments later, Hagrid’s back door opened, and Harry saw himself, Ron, and Hermione walking out of it with Hagrid. 
It was, without a doubt, the strangest sensation of his life, standing behind the tree, and watching himself in the pumpkin patch. 
“It’s okay, Beaky, It’s okay ,” Hagrid said to Buckbeak. 
Then he turned to Harry, Ron, and Hermione. 
“Go on. 
“Go quick. 
The execution party had arrived. 
Hagrid turned around and headed back into his cabin, leaving the back door ajar. 
Harry watched the grass flatten in patches all around Harry's cabin and heard three pairs of feet retreating. 
He, Ron, and Hermione had gone but the Harry and Hermione hidden in the trees could now hear what was happening inside the cabin through the back door. 
“Where is the beast?” came the cold voice of Macnair. 
“Out — outside,” Hagrid croaked. 
Harry pulled Harry's head out of sight as Macnair’s face appeared at Hagrid’s window, staring out at Buckbeak. 
Then they heard Fudge. 
“We — er — have to read you the official notice of execution, Hagrid. 
It was now or never. 
“Wait here,” Harry whispered to Hermione. 
“I’ll do it.” As Fudge’s voice started again, Harry darted out from behind Harry's tree, vaulted the fence into the pumpkin patch, and approached Buckbeak. 
“It is the decision of the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures that the hippogriff Buckbeak, hereafter called the condemned, shall be executed on the sixth of June at sundown — ” Careful not to blink, Harry stared up into Buckbeak’s fierce orange eyes once more and bowed. 
Buckbeak sank to Buckbeak's scaly knees and then stood up again. 
Harry began to fumble with the knot of rope tying Buckbeak to the fence. " 
sentenced to execution by beheading, to be carried out by the Committee’s appointed executioner, Walden Macnair ” “Come on, Buckbeak,” Harry murmured, “come on, we’re going to help you. 
Hagrid, you sign here. 
” Harry threw all Harry's weight onto the rope, but Buckbeak had dug in Harry's front feet. 
“Well, let’s get this over with,” said the reedy voice of the Committee member from inside Hagrid’s cabin. 
“Hagrid, perhaps it will be better if you stay inside — ” “No, I — I wan’ ter be with him. 
“Buckbeak, move\” Harry hissed. 
Harry tugged harder on the rope around Buckbeak’s neck. 
The hippogriff began to walk, rustling The hippogriff wings irritably. 
They were still ten feet away from the forest, in plain view of Hagrid’s back door. 
“One moment, please, Macnair,” came Dumbledore’s voice. 
“You need to sign too.” The footsteps stopped. 
Harry heaved on the rope. 
Buckbeak snapped Buckbeak's beak and walked a little faster. 
Hermione ’s white face was sticking out from behind a tree. 
“Harry, hurry!” Hermione mouthed. 
Harry could still hear Dumbledore’s voice talking from within the cabin. 
Harry gave the rope another wrench. 
Buckbeak broke into a grudging trot. 
Buckbeak had reached the trees. 
“Quick! 
Harry looked over Harry's shoulder; they were now blocked from sight; they couldn’t see Hagrid’s garden at all. 
“Stop!” he whispered to Hermione. 
“They might hear us — ” Hagrid’s back door had opened with a bang. 
Harry, Hermione, and Buckbeak stood quite still; even the hippogriff seemed to be listening intently. 
Silence then — “Where is it?” said the reedy voice of the Committee member. 
“Where is the beast?” “It was tied here!” said the executioner furiously. 
“I saw it! 
There was a note of amusement in his voice. 
“Beaky!” said Hagrid huskily. 
There was a swishing noise, and the thud of an axe. 
The executioner seemed to have swung a swishing noise, and the thud of an axe into the fence in anger. 
And then came the howling, and this time they could hear Hagrid ’s words through Hagrid ’s's sobs. 
“Gone! 
Harry and Hermione tightened Harry and Hermione's grip and dug Harry and Hermione's heels into the forest floor to stop Harry. 
“Someone untied Harry!” the executioner was snarling. 
“We should search the grounds, the forest — ” “Macnair, if Buckbeak has indeed been stolen, do you really think the thief will have led him away on foot?” said Dumbledore, still sounding amused. 
“Search the skies, if you will. 
“Come in, come in. 
They heard footsteps, the soft cursing of the executioner, the snap of the door, and then silence once more. 
“Now what?” whispered Harry, looking around. 
“Well have to hide in here,” said Hermione, who looked very shaken. 
“We need to wait until they’ve gone back to the castle. 
The sun was setting now. 
“We’re going to have to move,” said Harry, thinking hard. 
“We’ve got to be able to see the Whomping Willow, or We won’t know what’s going on.” “Okay,” said Hermione, getting a firmer grip on Buckbeak’s rope. 
“But we’ve got to keep out of sight, Harry, remember. 
“There’s Ron!” said Harry suddenly. 
A dark figure was sprinting across the lawn and A dark figure shout echoed through the still night air. 
“Get away from him — get away — Scabbers, come here — ” And then they saw two more figures materialize out of nowhere. 
Harry watched himself and Hermione chasing after Ron. 
Then Harry saw Ron dive. 
“Gotchcd Get off, you stinking cat — ” “There’s Sirius!” said Harry. 
The great shape of the dog had bounded out from the roots of the Willow. 
They saw him bowl Harry over, then seize Ron. 
“Looks even worse from here, doesn’t it?” said Harry, watching the dog pulling Ron into the roots. 
“Ouch — look, I just got walloped by the tree — and so did you — this is weird — ” The Whomping Willow was creaking and lashing out with The Whomping Willow lower branches; they could see they darting here and there, trying to reach the trunk. 
And then the tree froze. 
“That was Crookshanks pressing the knot,” said Hermione. 
“And there we go ,” Harry muttered. 
“We’re in.” The moment they disappeared, the tree began to move again. 
Seconds later, they heard footsteps quite close by. 
Dumbledore, Macnair, Fudge, and the old Committee member were making their way up to the castle. 
“Right after we’d gone down into the passage!” said Hermione. 
“If only Dumbledore had come with us ” “Macnair and Fudge would’ve come too,” said Harry bitterly. 
“I bet you anything Fudge would’ve told Macnair to murder Sirius on the spot. 
For a few minutes the scene was deserted. 
Then — “Here comes Lupin!” said Harry as they saw another figure sprinting down the stone steps and haring toward the Willow. 
Harry looked up at the sky. 
Clouds were obscuring the moon completely. 
They watched Lupin seize a broken branch from the ground and prod the knot on the trunk. 
The tree stopped fighting, and Lupin, too, disappeared into the gap in The tree roots. 
“If he’d only grabbed the cloak,” said Harry. 
“It’s just lying there. 
“If I just dashed out now and grabbed it, Snape’d never be able to get it and — ” “Harry, we mustn’t be seen!” “How can you stand this?” he asked Hermione fiercely. 
“Just standing here and watching it happen?” He hesitated. 
“I’m going to grab the cloak!” “Harry, no!” Hermione seized the back of Harry’s robes not a moment too soon. 
Just then, they heard a burst of song. 
It was Hagrid, making his way up to the castle, singing at the top of his voice, and weaving slightly as his walked. 
A large bottle was swinging from his hands. 
“See?” Hermione whispered. 
“See what would have happened? 
They watched Hagrid meander tipsily up to the castle. 
He was gone. 
Buckbeak stopped fighting to get away. 
His head drooped sadly. 
Barely two minutes later, the castle doors flew open yet again, and Snape came charging out of them, running toward the Willow. 
Harry’s fists clenched as they watched Snape skid to a halt next to the tree, looking around. 
Harry grabbed the cloak and held the cloak up. 
“Get your filthy hands off it,” Harry snarled under his breath. 
“Shh!” Snape seized the branch Lupin had used to freeze the tree, prodded the knot, and vanished from view as he put on the cloak. 
“So that’s it,” said Hermione quietly. 
“We’re all down there and now we’ve just got to wait until we come back up again. 
“Harry, there’s something I don’t understand. 
He explained what He’d seen; how, as the nearest dementor had lowered its mouth to Harry’s, a large silver something had come galloping across the lake and forced the dementors to retreat. 
Hermione ’s mouth was slightly open by the time Harry had finished. 
“But what was it?” “There’s only one thing it could have been, to make the dementors go,” said Harry. 
“A real Patronus. 
He was thinking back to the person He’d seen on the other bank of the lake. 
He knew who He thought it had been but how could it have been? 
“Didn’t you see what they looked like?” said Hermione eagerly. 
“Was it one of the teachers?” “No,” said Harry. 
“Harry wasn’t a teacher.” “But it must have been a really powerful wizard, to drive all those dementors away. 
“But maybe I imagined it. 
“I think it was my dad.” Harry glanced up at Hermione and saw that Hermione's mouth was fully open now. 
She was gazing at Harry with a mixture of alarm and pity. 
“Harry, your dad’s — well — dead,” She said quietly. 
“I know that,” said Harry quickly. 
“You think you saw Harry's ghost?” “I don’t know no Harry looked solid. 
“But from what I could see it looked like Harry. 
“I know it sounds crazy,” said Harry flatly. 
Harry turned to look at Buckbeak, who was digging Harry's beak into the ground, apparently searching for worms. 
But Harry wasn’t really watching Buckbeak. 
Harry was thinking about Harry's father and about Harry's father’s three oldest friends Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs. 
Had all four of them been out on the grounds tonight? 
Wormtail had reappeared this evening when everyone had thought Wormtail was dead. 
Was it so impossible his father had done the same? 
Had his been seeing things across the lake? 
The figure had been too far away to see distinctly yet The figure had felt sure, for a moment, before The figure’d lost consciousness. 
The leaves overhead rustled faintly in the breeze. 
The moon drifted in and out of sight behind the shifting clouds. 
Hermione sat with Hermione's face turned toward the Willow, waiting. 
And then, at last, after over an hour “Here we come!” Hermione whispered. 
She and Harry got to She and Harry's feet. 
Buckbeak raised his head. 
They saw Lupin, Pettigrew, and Ron clambering awkwardly out of the hole in the roots followed by the unconscious Snape, drifting weirdly upward. 
Next came Harry, Hermione, and Black. 
They all began to walk toward the castle. 
Harry’s heart was starting to beat very fast. 
Harry’s glanced up at the sky. 
Any moment now, that cloud was going to move aside and show the moon. 
“Harry,” Hermione muttered as though she knew exactly what Harry was thinking, “we’ve got to stay put. 
“How do you expect to find a rat in the dark?” snapped Hermione. 
“There’s nothing we can do! 
They saw the tiny figures across the grounds stop. 
Then They saw movement — “There goes Lupin,” Hermione whispered. 
“He’s transforming — ” “Hermione!” said Harry suddenly. 
“We’ve got to move!” “We mustn’t, I keep telling you — ” “Not to interfere! 
“Quick!” she moaned, dashing to untie Buckbeak. 
“Quick! 
“It’s empty now — come on!” They ran as fast as They could, Buckbeak cantering along behind They. 
They could hear the werewolf howling behind them. 
The cabin was in sight; Harry skidded to the door, wrenched the door open, and Hermione and Buckbeak flashed past him; Harry threw Harry in after them and bolted the door. 
Fang the boarhound barked loudly. 
“Shh, Fang, it’s us!” said Hermione, hurrying over and scratching his ears to quieten his. 
“That was really close!” she said to Harry. 
“Yeah ” Harry was looking out of the window. 
It was much harder to see what was going on from here. 
Buckbeak seemed very happy to find himself back inside Hagrid’s house. 
himself lay down in front of the fire, folded himself's wings contentedly, and seemed ready for a good nap. 
“I think I’d better go outside again, you know,” said Harry slowly. 
“I can’t see what’s going on — we won’t know when it’s time — ” Hermione looked up. 
Her expression was suspicious. 
“I’m not going to try and interfere,” said Harry quickly. 
“But if we don’t see what’s going on, how’re we going to know when it’s time to rescue Sirius?” “Well okay, then I’ll wait here with Buckbeak but Harry, be careful — there’s a werewolf out there — and the dementors — ” Harry stepped outside again and edged around the cabin. 
Harry could hear yelping in the distance. 
That meant the dementors were closing in on Sirius. 
He and Hermione would be running to He any moment. 
Harry stared out toward the lake, Harry's heart doing a kind of drumroll in Harry's chest. 
Whoever had sent that Patronus would be appearing at any moment. 
For a fraction of a second he stood, irresolute, in front of Hagrid’s door. 
You must not be seen. 
But he didn’t want to be seen. 
he wanted to do the seeing. 
he had to know . 
And there were the dementors. 
They were emerging out of the darkness from every direction, gliding around the edges of the lake. 
They were moving away from where Harry stood, to the opposite bank. 
Harry wouldn’t have to get near They. 
Harry began to run. 
Harry had no thought in Harry's head except his father. 
If it was him if it really was him him had to know, had to find out. 
The lake was coming nearer and nearer, but there was no sign of anybody. 
On the opposite bank, he could see tiny glimmers of silver — his own attempts at a Patronus — There was a bush at the very edge of the water. 
Harry threw Harry behind it, peering desperately through the leaves. 
On the opposite bank, the glimmers of silver were suddenly extinguished. 
A terrified excitement shot through him — any moment now — “Come on!” him muttered, staring about. 
“Where are you? 
Harry raised Harry's head to look at the circle of dementors across the lake. 
One of them was lowering its hood. 
It was time for the rescuer to appear — but no one was coming to help this time — And then it hit him — him understood. 
him hadn’t seen him's father — him had seen him — Harry flung — Harry out from behind the bush and pulled out — Harry's wand. 
“EXPECTO PATRONUM ” he yelled. 
And out of the end of his wand burst, not a shapeless cloud of mist, but a blinding, dazzling, silver animal. 
He screwed up He's eyes, trying to see what it was. 
It looked like a horse. 
It was galloping silently away from him, across the black surface of the lake. 
him saw it lower it head and charge at the swarming dementors. 
Now it was galloping around and around the black shapes on the ground, and the swarming dementors were falling back, scattering, retreating into the darkness. 
They were gone. 
The Patronus turned. 
The Patronus was cantering back toward Harry across the still surface of the water. 
It wasn’t a horse. 
It wasn’t a unicorn, either. 
It was a stag. 
It was shining brightly as the moon above It was coming back to him. 
It stopped on the bank. 
It hooves made no mark on the soft ground as it stared at Harry with its large, silver eyes. 
Slowly, it bowed its antlered head. 
And Harry realized “Prongs,” Harry whispered. 
But as his trembling fingertips stretched toward the creature, it vanished. 
Harry stood there, hand still outstretched. 
Then, with a great leap of Harry's heart, Harry heard hooves behind Harry — his whirled around and saw Hermione dashing toward Harry, dragging Buckbeak behind Hermione. 
“What did you do?” she said fiercely. 
“You said you were only going to keep a lookout!” “I just saved all our lives ,” said Harry. 
“Get behind here — behind this bush — I’ll explain.” Hermione listened to what had just happened with Hermione's mouth open yet again. 
“Did anyone see you?” “Yes, haven’t you been listening? 
Snape had regained consciousness. 
Snape was conjuring stretchers and lifting the limp forms of Harry, Hermione, and Black onto them. 
A fourth stretcher, no doubt bearing Ron, was already floating at his side. 
Then, wand held out in front of him, him moved them away toward the castle. 
“Right, it’s nearly time,” said Hermione tensely, looking at Hermione's watch. 
“We’ve got about forty-five minutes until Dumbledore locks the door to the hospital wing. 
He looked up at the castle and began counting the windows to the right of the West Tower. 
“Look!” Hermione whispered. 
“Who’s that? 
The man was hurrying across the grounds, toward one of the entrances. 
Something shiny glinted in his belt. 
“Macnair!” said Harry. 
“The executioner! 
Then he placed his foot on one of the lower branches of the bush and climbed up in front of her. 
he pulled Buckbeak’s rope back over his neck and tied Buckbeak’s rope to the other side of his collar like reins. 
“Ready?” he whispered to Hermione. 
“You’d better hold on to me — ” he nudged Buckbeak’s sides with his heels. 
Buckbeak soared straight into the dark air. 
Harry gripped Harry's flanks with Harry's knees, feeling the great wings rising powerfully beneath them. 
Hermione was holding Harry very tight around the waist; Harry could hear Hermione's muttering, “Oh, no — I don’t like this — oh, I really don’t like this — ” Harry urged Buckbeak forward. 
They were gliding quietly toward the upper floors of the castle. 
Harry pulled hard on the left-hand side of the rope, and Buckbeak turned. 
Harry was trying to count the windows flashing past — “Whoa!” Harry said, pulling backward as hard as Harry could. 
Buckbeak slowed down and they found they at a stop, unless you counted the fact that they kept rising up and down several feet as the hippogriff beat his wings to remain airborne. 
“his’s there!” Harry said, spotting Sirius as they rose up beside the window. 
Harry reached out, and as Buckbeak’s wings fell, was able to tap sharply on the glass. 
Black looked up. 
Harry saw Harry's jaw drop. 
Harry leapt from Harry's chair, hurried to the window and tried to open the window, but the window was locked. 
“Stand back!” Hermione called to him, and Hermione took out Hermione's wand, still gripping the back of Harry’s robes with her left hand. 
“Alohomoral” The window sprang open. 
“How — how — ?” said Black weakly, staring at the hippogriff. 
“Get on — there’s not much time,” said Harry, gripping Buckbeak firmly on either side of Harry's sleek neck to hold Harry steady. 
“You’ve got to get out of here — the dementors are coming — Macnair’s gone to get them.” Black placed a hand on either side of the window frame and heaved his head and shoulders out of it. 
It was very lucky he was so thin. 
In seconds, he had managed to fling one leg over Buckbeak’s back and pull he onto the hippogriff behind Hermione. 
“Okay, Buckbeak, up!” said Harry, shaking the rope. 
“Up to the tower — come on!” The hippogriff gave one sweep of The hippogriff mighty wings and they were soaring upward again, high as the top of the West Tower. 
Buckbeak landed with a clatter on the battlements, and Harry and Hermione slid off Harry at once. 
“Sirius, you’d better go, quick,” Harry panted. 
“They’ll reach Flitwick’s office any moment, They’ll find out you’re gone.” Buckbeak pawed the ground, tossing his sharp head. 
“What happened to the other boy? 
“He’s going to be okay. 
Black wheeled Buckbeak around, facing the open sky. 
“Well see each other again,” he said. 
“You are — truly your father’s son, Harry. 
Harry and Hermione jumped back as the enormous wings rose once more. 
The hippogriff took off into the air. 
He and He's rider became smaller and smaller as Harry gazed after them then a cloud drifted across the moon. 
them were gone. 
“Harry!” Hermione was tugging at his sleeve, staring at Hermione's watch. 
“We’ve got exactly ten minutes to get back down to the hospital wing without anybody seeing We — before Dumbledore locks the door — ” “Okay,” said Harry, wrenching Harry's gaze from the sky, “let’s go. 
As they reached the bottom of it, they heard voices. 
they flattened they against the wall and listened. 
It sounded like Fudge and Snape. 
They were walking quickly along the corridor at the foot of the staircase. " 
only hope Dumbledore ’s not going to make difficulties,” Snape was saying. 
“The Kiss will be performed immediately?” “As soon as Macnair returns with the dementors. 
He caught a glimpse of Snape’s smirk as He and Fudge passed Harry and Hermione’s hiding place. 
Their footsteps died away. 
Harry and Hermione waited a few moments to make sure Harry and Hermione’d really gone, then started to run in the opposite direction. 
Down one staircase, then another, along a new corridor — then they heard a cackling ahead. 
“Peeves\” Harry muttered, grabbing Hermione’s wrist. 
“In here!” They tore into a deserted classroom to They's left just in time. 
Peeves seemed to be bouncing along the corridor in boisterous good spirits, laughing his head off. 
“Oh, his’s horrible,” whispered Hermione, Hermione's ear to the door. 
“I bet he’s all excited because the dementors are going to finish off Sirius. 
“Three minutes, Harry!” They waited until Peeves ’s gloating voice had faded into the distance, then slid back out of the room and broke into a run again. 
“Hermione — what’ll happen — if we don’t get back inside — before Dumbledore locks the door?” Harry panted. 
“I don’t want to think about it!” Hermione moaned, checking Hermione's watch again. 
“One minute!” They had reached the end of the corridor with the hospital wing entrance. 
“Okay — I can hear Dumbledore,” said Hermione tensely. 
“Come on, Harry!” They crept along the corridor. 
The door opened. 
Dumbledore ’s back appeared. 
“I am going to lock you in,” they heard him saying. 
“It is five minutes to midnight. 
Panicking, Harry and Hermione ran forward. 
Dumbledore looked up, and a wide smile appeared under the long silver mustache. 
“Well?” Dumbledore said quietly. 
“We did it!” said Harry breathlessly. 
“Sirius has gone, on Buckbeak. 
“Well done. 
“Yes, I think you’ve gone too — get inside — I’ll lock you in — ” Harry and Hermione slipped back inside the dormitory. 
It was empty except for Ron, who was still lying motionless in the end bed. 
As the lock clicked behind them, Harry and Hermione crept back to Harry and Hermione's own beds, Hermione tucking the Time-Turner back under Hermione's robes. 
A moment later, Madam Pomfrey came striding back out of Madam Pomfrey's office. 
“Did I hear the headmaster leaving? 
Harry and Hermione thought it best to accept Harry and Hermione's chocolate quietly. 
Madam Pomfrey stood over them, making sure them ate it. 
But Harry could hardly swallow. 
Harry and Hermione were waiting, listening, Harry and Hermione's nerves jangling. 
And then, as they both took a fourth piece of chocolate from Madam Pomfrey, they heard a distant roar of fury echoing from somewhere above they. 
“What was that?” said Madam Pomfrey in alarm. 
Now they could hear angry voices, growing louder and louder. 
Madam Pomfrey was staring at the door. 
“Really — they’ll wake everybody up! 
they were drawing nearer — “He must have Disapparated, Severus. 
“YOU CANT APPARATE OR DISAPPARATE INSIDE THIS CASTLE! 
The door of the hospital wing burst open. 
Fudge, Snape, and Dumbledore came striding into the ward. 
Dumbledore alone looked calm. 
Indeed, Dumbledore alone looked as though Dumbledore alone was quite enjoying Dumbledore alone. 
Fudge appeared angry. 
But Snape was beside Snape. 
“OUT WITH IT, POTTER!” POTTER! 
“WHAT DID YOU DO?” “Professor Snape!” shrieked Madam Pomfrey. 
“Control yourself!” “See here, Snape, be reasonable,” said Fudge. 
“This door’s been locked, we just saw — ” “THEY HELPED HIM ESCAPE, I KNOW IT!” Snape howled, pointing at Harry and Hermione. 
Snape face was twisted; spit was flying from Snape's mouth. 
“Calm down, man!” Fudge barked. 
“You’re talking nonsense!” “YOU DONT KNOW POTTER!” shrieked Snape. 
“HE DID IT, I KNOW HE DID IT — ” “That will do, Severus,” said Dumbledore quietly. 
“Think about what you are saying. 
“I would have heard them!” “Well, there you have it, Severus,” said Dumbledore calmly. 
“Unless you are suggesting that Harry and Hermione are able to be in two places at once, I’m afraid I don’t see any point in troubling them further.” Snape stood there, seething, staring from Fudge, who looked thoroughly shocked at Snape's behavior, to Dumbledore, whose eyes were twinkling behind Snape's glasses. 
Snape whirled about, robes swishing behind him, and stormed out of the ward. 
“Fellow seems quite unbalanced,” said Fudge, staring after Fellow. 
“I’d watch out for Fellow if I were you, Dumbledore.” “Oh, he’s not unbalanced,” said Dumbledore quietly. 
“he’s just suffered a severe disappointment.” “he’s not the only one!” puffed Fudge. 
“The Daily Prophet’s going to have a field day! 
“They’ll be removed from the school, I trust?” “Oh yes, They’ll have to go,” said Fudge, running his fingers distractedly through his hair. 
“Never dreamed they’d attempt to administer the Kiss on an innocent boy. 
As he and Fudge left the dormitory, Madam Pomfrey hurried to the door and locked the door again. 
Muttering angrily to Madam Pomfrey, Madam Pomfrey headed back to Madam Pomfrey's office. 
There was a low moan from the other end of the ward. 
Ron had woken up. 
They could see him sitting up, rubbing him's head, looking around. 
“What — what happened?” him groaned. 
“Harry? 
“You explain,” said Harry, helping Harry to some more chocolate. 
When Harry, Ron, and Hermione left the hospital wing at noon the next day, it was to find an almost deserted castle. 
The sweltering heat and the end of the exams meant that everyone was taking full advantage of another Hogsmeade visit. 
Neither Ron nor Hermione felt like going, however, so they and Harry wandered onto the grounds, still talking about the extraordinary events of the previous night and wondering where Sirius and Buckbeak were now. 
Sitting near the lake, watching the giant squid waving its tentacles lazily above the water, Harry lost the thread of the conversation as Harry looked across to the opposite bank. 
The stag had galloped toward Harry from there just last night. 
A shadow fell across them and them looked up to see a very bleary-eyed Hagrid, mopping a very bleary-eyed Hagrid's sweaty face with one of a very bleary-eyed Hagrid's tablecloth-sized handkerchiefs and beaming down at them. 
“Know I shouldn’ feel happy, after wha’ happened las’ night,” he said. 
“I mean, Black escapin’ again, an’ everythin’ — but guess what?” “What?” they said, pretending to look curious. 
“Beaky! 
“Yeah can’t’ve tied him up properly,” said Hagrid, gazing happily out over the grounds. 
“I was worried this mornin’, mind thought him mighta met Professor Lupin on the grounds, but Professor Lupin says Professor Lupin never ate anythin’ las’ night. 
“Blimey, haven’ yeh heard?” said Hagrid, his smile fading a little. 
his lowered his voice, even though there was nobody in sight. 
“Er — Snape told all the Slytherins this mornin’. 
“Why?” “Leavin’, isn’ he?” said Hagrid, looking surprised that Harry had to ask. 
“Resigned firs’ thing this mornin’. 
“I’m going to see him,” he said to Ron and Hermione. 
“But if he’s resigned — ” “ — doesn’t sound like there’s anything we can do — ” “I don’t care. 
He had already packed most of He's things. 
The grindylow’s empty tank stood next to He's battered old suitcase, which was open and nearly full. 
Lupin was bending over something on his desk and looked up only when Harry knocked on the door. 
“I saw you coming,” said Lupin, smiling. 
He pointed to the parchment He had been poring over. 
It was the Marauder’s Map. 
“I just saw Hagrid,” said Harry. 
“And he said you’d resigned. 
he started opening his desk drawers and taking out the contents. 
“Why?” said Harry. 
“The Ministry of Magic don’t think you were helping Sirius, do The Ministry of Magic?” Lupin crossed to the door and closed the door behind Harry. 
“No. 
“That was the final straw for Severus. 
Lupin smiled wryly. 
“This time tomorrow, the owls will start arriving from parents. 
“Don’t go!” Lupin shook his head and didn’t speak. 
Lupin carried on emptying Lupin's drawers. 
Then, while Harry was trying to think of a good argument to make Harry stay, Lupin said, “From what the headmaster told me this morning, you saved a lot of lives last night, Harry. 
“What else could have driven the dementors back?” Harry told Lupin what had happened. 
When he’d finished, Lupin was smiling again. 
“Yes, your father was always a stag when your father transformed,” your father said. 
“You guessed right that’s why we called him Prongs.” Lupin threw his last few books into Lupin's case, closed the desk drawers, and turned to look at Harry. 
“Here — I brought this from the Shrieking Shack last night,” he said, handing Harry back the Invisibility Cloak. 
“And ” he hesitated, then held out the Marauder’s Map too. 
“I am no longer your teacher, so I don’t feel guilty about giving you back this as well. 
“You told me Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs would’ve wanted to lure me out of school you said they’d have thought it was funny.” “And so we would have,” said Lupin, now reaching down to close his case. 
“I have no hesitation in saying that James would have been highly disappointed if James's son had never found any of the secret passages out of the castle.” There was a knock on the door. 
Harry hastily stuffed the Marauder’s Map and the Invisibility Cloak into his pocket. 
It was Professor Dumbledore. 
Professor Dumbledore didn’t look surprised to see Harry there. 
“Your carriage is at the gates, Remus,” he said. 
“Thank you, Headmaster.” Lupin picked up his old suitcase and the empty grindylow tank. 
“Well — good-bye, Harry,” he said, smiling. 
“It has been a real pleasure teaching you. 
“Good-bye, then, Remus,” said Dumbledore soberly. 
Lupin shifted the grindylow tank slightly so that he and Dumbledore could shake hands. 
Then, with a final nod to Harry and a swift smile, Lupin left the office. 
Harry sat down in Harry's vacated chair, staring glumly at the floor. 
Harry heard the door close and looked up. 
Dumbledore was still there. 
“Why so miserable, Harry?” Harry? 
“You should be very proud of yourself after last night.” “It didn’t make any difference,” said Harry bitterly. 
“Pettigrew got away.” “Didn’t make any difference?” said Dumbledore quietly. 
“It made all the difference in the world, Harry. 
Something stirred in Harry’s memory. 
Greater and more terrible than ever before Professor Trelawney’s prediction! 
“Professor Dumbledore — yesterday, when I was having my Divination exam, Professor Trelawney went very — very strange.” “Indeed?” said Dumbledore. 
“Er — stranger than usual, you mean?” “Yes her voice went all deep and her eyes rolled and she said she said Voldemort’s servant was going to set out to return to Voldemort before midnight. 
“And then she sort of became normal again, and she couldn’t remember anything she’d said. 
“Do you know, Harry, I think she might have been,” Harry said thoughtfully. 
“Who’d have thought it? 
How could Dumbledore take this so calmly? 
“But — I stopped Sirius and Professor Lupin from killing Pettigrew! 
“Hasn’t your experience with the Time-Turner taught you anything, Harry? 
“Harry betrayed my parents!” “This is magic at its deepest, its most impenetrable, Harry. 
Dumbledore looked as though Dumbledore knew what Harry was thinking. 
“I knew your father very well, both at Hogwarts and later, Harry,” your father said gently. 
“your father would have saved Pettigrew too, I am sure of it.” Harry looked up at Harry. 
Dumbledore wouldn’t laugh Dumbledore could tell Dumbledore “I thought it was my dad who’d conjured my Patronus. 
“I expect you 11 tire of hearing it, but you do look extraordinarily like James. 
“It was stupid, thinking it was him,” him muttered. 
“I mean, I knew him was dead.” “You think the dead we loved ever truly leave we? 
“Last night Sirius told me all about how they became Animagi,” said Dumbledore, smiling. 
“An extraordinary achievement — not least, keeping it quiet from me. 
Nobody at Hogwarts now knew the truth of what had happened the night that Sirius, Buckbeak, and Pettigrew had vanished except Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Professor Dumbledore. 
As the end of term approached, Harry heard many different theories about what had really happened, but none of them came close to the truth. 
Malfoy was furious about Buckbeak. 
He was convinced that Hagrid had found a way of smuggling the hippogriff to safety, and seemed outraged that he and his father had been outwitted by a gamekeeper. 
Percy Weasley, meanwhile, had much to say on the subject of Sirius’s escape. 
“If I manage to get into the Ministry, I’ll have a lot of proposals to make about Magical Law Enforcement!” he told the only person who would listen — his girlfriend, Penelope. 
Though the weather was perfect, though the atmosphere was so cheerful, though he knew they had achieved the near impossible in helping Sirius to freedom, Harry had never approached the end of a school year in worse spirits. 
Harry certainly wasn’t the only one who was sorry to see Professor Lupin go. 
The whole of Harry’s Defense Against the Dark Arts class was miserable about Harry's resignation. 
“Wonder what they’ll give us next year?” said Seamus Finnigan gloomily. 
“Maybe a vampire,” suggested Dean Thomas hopefully. 
It wasn’t only Professor Lupin’s departure that was weighing on Harry’s mind. 
Harry couldn’t help thinking a lot about Professor Trelawney’s prediction. 
Harry kept wondering where Pettigrew was now, whether Harry had sought sanctuary with Voldemort yet. 
But the thing that was lowering Harry’s spirits most of all was the prospect of returning to the Dursleys. 
For maybe half an hour, a glorious half hour, he had believed he would be living with Sirius from now on his parents’ best friend. 
It would have been the next best thing to having his own father back. 
And while no news of Sirius was definitely good news, because it meant he had successfully gone into hiding, Harry couldn’t help feeling miserable when Harry thought of the home Harry might have had, and the fact that it was now impossible. 
The exam results came out on the last day of term. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione had passed every subject. 
Harry was amazed that Harry had got through Potions. 
Harry had a shrewd suspicion that Dumbledore might have stepped in to stop Snape failing Dumbledore on purpose. 
Snape’s behavior toward Harry over the past week had been quite alarming. 
Harry wouldn’t have thought it possible that Snape’s dislike for Harry could increase, but it certainly had. 
A muscle twitched unpleasantly at the corner of Snape’s thin mouth every time he looked at Harry, and he was constantly flexing his fingers, as though itching to place them around Harry’s throat. 
Percy had got Percy's top-grade N.E.W.T.s; Fred and George had scraped a handful of O.W.L.s each. 
Gryffindor House, meanwhile, largely thanks to their spectacular performance in the Quidditch Cup, had won the House championship for the third year running. 
This meant that the end of term feast took place amid decorations of scarlet and gold, and that the Gryffindor table was the noisiest of the lot, as everybody celebrated. 
Even Harry managed to forget about the journey back to the Dursleys the next day as Harry ate, drank, talked, and laughed with the rest. 
As the Hogwarts Express pulled out of the station the next morning, Hermione gave Harry and Ron some surprising news. 
“I went to see Professor McGonagall this morning, just before breakfast. 
“I know,” sighed Hermione, “but I can’t stand another year like this one. 
“We’re supposed to be your friends.” “I promised I wouldn’t tell anyone,” said Hermione severely. 
Hermione looked around at Harry, who was watching Hogwarts disappear from view behind a mountain. 
Two whole months before he’d see it again. 
“Oh, cheer up, Harry!” said Hermione sadly. 
“I’m okay,” said Harry quickly. 
“Just thinking about the holidays.” “Yeah, I’ve been thinking about them too,” said Ron. 
“Harry, you’ve got to come and stay with us. 
“Honestly, you should take Muggle Studies next year. 
“It’s the Quidditch World Cup this summer! 
“Yeah I bet the Dursleys’d be pleased to let me come especially after what I did to Aunt Marge. 
But it was late in the afternoon before the thing that made him truly happy turned up. 
“Harry,” said Hermione suddenly, peering over Harry's shoulder. 
“What’s that thing outside your window?” Harry turned to look outside. 
Something very small and gray was bobbing in and out of sight beyond the glass. 
He stood up for a better look and saw that it was a tiny owl, carrying a letter that was much too big for it. 
The owl was so small, in fact, that The owl kept tumbling over in the air, buffeted this way and that in the train’s slipstream. 
Harry quickly pulled down the window, stretched out Harry's arm, and caught the window. 
It felt like a very fluffy Snitch. 
He brought it carefully inside. 
The owl dropped its letter onto Harry’s seat and began zooming around their compartment, apparently very pleased with itself for accomplishing itself task. 
Hedwig clicked Hedwig's beak with a sort of dignified disapproval. 
Crookshanks sat up in Crookshanks's seat, following the owl with his great yellow eyes. 
Ron, noticing this, snatched the owl safely out of harm’s way. 
Harry picked up the letter. 
It was addressed to Harry. 
Harry ripped open the letter, and shouted, “It’s from Sirius!” “What?” said Ron and Hermione excitedly. 
“Read it aloud!” Harry, I hope this finds you before you reach your aunt and uncle. 
I don’t know whether they’re used to owl post Buckbeak and I are in hiding. 
I won’t tell you where, in case this owl falls into the wrong hands. 
I have some doubt about his reliability, but his is the best I could find, and his did seem eager for the job. 
I believe the dementors are still searching for me, but they haven’t a hope of finding me here. 
I am planning to allow some Muggles to glimpse me soon, a long way from Hogwarts, so that the security on the castle will be lifted. 
There is something I never got around to telling you during our brief meeting. 
It was I who sent you the Firebolt — “Ha!” said Hermione triumphantly. 
“See! 
“Ouch!” The tiny owl, now hooting happily in his hand, had nibbled one of his fingers in what it seemed to think was an affectionate way. 
Crookshanks took the order to the Owl Office for me. 
I used your name but told them to take the gold from my own Gringotts vault. 
Please consider it as thirteen birthdays’ worth of presents from your godfather. 
I would also like to apologize for the fright I think I gave you that night last year when you left your uncle’s house. 
I had only hoped to get a glimpse of you before starting my journey north, but I think the sight of me alarmed you. 
I am enclosing something else for you, which I think will make your next year at Hogwarts more enjoyable. 
If ever you need me, send word. 
Your owl will find me. 
I’ll write again soon. 
Sirius Harry looked eagerly inside the envelope. 
There was another piece of parchment in there. 
He read it through quickly and felt suddenly as warm and contented as though He’d swallowed a bottle of hot butterbeer in one gulp. 
I, Sirius Black, Harry Potter’s godfather, hereby give him permission to visit Hogsmeade on weekends. 
“That’ll be good enough for Dumbledore!” said Harry happily. 
Harry looked back at Sirius’s letter. 
“Hang on, there’s a P.S. 
Ron’s eyes widened. 
The minute owl was still hooting excitedly. 
“Keep him?” he said uncertainly. 
he looked closely at the owl for a moment; then, to Harry’s and Hermione’s great surprise, he held him out for Crookshanks to sniff. 
“What do’you reckon?” Ron asked the cat. 
“Definitely an owl?” Crookshanks purred. 
“That’s good enough for me,” said Ron happily. 
“He’s mine.” Harry read and reread the letter from Sirius all the way back into King’s Cross station. 
It was still clutched tightly in his hand as he, Ron, and Hermione stepped back through the barrier of platform nine and three-quarters. 
Harry spotted Uncle Vernon at once. 
He was standing a good distance from Mister and Molly, eyeing them suspiciously, and when Molly hugged Harry in greeting, He's worst suspicions about them seemed confirmed. 
“I’ll call about the World Cup!” Ron yelled after Harry as Harry bid him and Hermione good-bye, then wheeled the trolley bearing him's trunk and Hedwig’s cage toward Uncle Vernon, who greeted him in him's usual fashion. 
“What’s that?” he snarled, staring at the envelope Harry was still clutching in Harry's hand. 
“If it’s another form for me to sign, you’ve got another — ” “It’s not,” said Harry cheerfully. 
“It’s a letter from my godfather.” “Godfather?” sputtered Uncle Vernon. 
“You haven’t got a godfather!” “Yes, I have,” said Harry brightly. 
“He was my mum and dad’s best friend.