the dursleys were proud to say that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much. 
they were the last people you’d expect to be involved in anything strange or mysterious, because they just didn’t hold with such nonsense. 
vernon was the director of a firm called grunnings, which made drills. 
vernon was a big, beefy man with hardly any neck, although vernon did have a very large mustache. 
petunia was thin and blonde and had nearly twice the usual amount of neck, which came in very useful as petunia spent so much of petunia's time craning over garden fences, spying on the neighbors. 
the dursley s had a small son called dudley and in their opinion there was no finer boy anywhere. 
the dursleys had everything the dursleys wanted, but the dursleys also had a secret, and the dursleys's greatest fear was that somebody would discover the dursleys. 
they didn’t think they could bear the dursleys if anyone found out about the potters. 
mrs. potter was petunia’s sister, but they hadn’t met for several years; in fact, petunia pretended petunia didn’t have a sister, because a sister] sister and a sister's good-for-nothing husband were as undursleyish as it was possible to be. 
the dursleys shuddered to think what the neighbors would say if the potters arrived in the street. 
the dursleys shuddered to think what the neighbors would say if the potters arrived in the street knew that the potters had a small son, too, but the potters had a small son, too had never even seen a small son. 
a small son was another good reason for keeping the potters away; the potters didn’t want dudley mixing with a child like that. 
when mr. and petunia woke up on the dull, gray tuesday our story starts, there was nothing about the cloudy sky outside to suggest that strange and mysterious things would soon be happening all over the country. 
vernon hummed as vernon picked out vernon's most boring tie for work, and petunia gossiped away happily as petunia wrestled a screaming dudley into his high chair. 
none of them noticed a large, tawny owl flutter past the window. 
at half past eight, vernon picked up vernon's briefcase, pecked petunia on the cheek, and tried to kiss dudley good-bye but missed, because dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing vernon's cereal at the walls. 
“little tyke,” chortled vernon as he left the house. 
he got into his car and backed out of number four’s drive. 
it was on the corner of the street that he noticed the first sign of something peculiar — a cat reading a map. 
for a second, vernon didn’t realize what he had seen — then he jerked his head around to look again. 
there was a tabby cat standing on the corner of privet drive, but there wasn’t a map in sight. 
what could he have been thinking of? 
it must have been a trick of the light. 
vernon blinked and stared at the cat. 
the cat stared back. 
as vernon drove around the corner and up the road, vernon watched the cat in vernon's mirror. 
it was now reading the sign that said privet drive — no, looking at the sign; cats couldn’t read maps or signs. 
vernon gave vernon a little shake and put the cat out of vernon's mind. 
as vernon drove toward town vernon thought of nothing except a large order of drills vernon was hoping to get that day. 
but on the edge of town, drills were driven out of his mind by something else. 
as his sat in the usual morning traffic jam, his couldn’t help noticing that there seemed to be a lot of strangely dressed people about. 
people in cloaks. 
vernon couldn’t bear people who dressed in funny clothes — the getups you saw on young people! 
vernon supposed this was some stupid new fashion. 
vernon drummed vernon's fingers on the steering wheel and vernon's eyes fell on a huddle of these weirdos standing quite close by. 
they were whispering excitedly together. 
vernon was enraged to see that a couple of they weren’t young at all; why, that man had to be older than vernon was, and wearing an emerald-green cloak! 
the nerve of that man! 
but then it struck vernon that this was probably some silly stunt — these people were obviously collecting for something yes, that would be it. 
the traffic moved on and a few minutes later, vernon arrived in the grunnings parking lot, vernon's mind back on drills. 
vernon always sat with vernon's back to the window in vernon's office on the ninth floor. 
if vernon hadn’t, vernon might have found it harder to concentrate on drills that morning. 
vernon didn’t see the owls swooping past in broad daylight, though people down in the street did; people pointed and gazed open-mouthed as owl after owl sped overhead. 
most of people had never seen an owl even at nighttime. 
vernon, however, had a perfectly normal, owl-free morning. 
he yelled at five different people. 
he made several important telephone calls and shouted a bit more. 
he was in a very good mood until lunchtime, when he thought he’d stretch his legs and walk across the road to buy he a bun from the bakery. 
he’d forgotten all about the people in cloaks until he passed a group of the people in cloaks next to the baker’s. 
he eyed the people angrily as he passed. 
he didn’t know why, but the people made he uneasy. 
this bunch were whispering excitedly, too, and this bunch couldn’t see a single collecting tin. 
it was on this bunch's way back past this bunch, clutching a large doughnut in a bag, that this bunch caught a few words of what this bunch were saying. 
“the potters, that’s right, that’s what i heard — ” “ — yes, their son, harry — ” vernon stopped dead. 
fear flooded fear's son, harry — ” vernon. 
son, harry — ” vernon looked back at the whisperers as if son, harry — ” vernon wanted to say something to them, but thought better of the whisperers. 
son, harry — ” vernon dashed back across the road, hurried up to son, harry — ” vernon's office, snapped at son, harry — ” vernon's secretary not to disturb son, harry — ” vernon, seized son, harry — ” vernon's telephone, and had almost finished dialing son, harry — ” vernon's home number when son, harry — ” vernon changed son, harry — ” vernon's mind. 
he put the receiver back down and stroked his mustache, thinking no, he was being stupid. 
potter wasn’t such an unusual name. 
potter was sure there were lots of people called potter who had a son called harry. 
come to think of it, a son called harry wasn’t even sure a son called harry] nephew was called harry. ] 
nephew’d never even seen the boy. 
nephew’d might have been harvey. 
or harold. 
there was no point in worrying petunia; worrying petunia always got so upset at any mention of worrying petunia's sister. 
worrying petunia's sister didn’t blame worrying petunia's — if worrying petunia's sister’d had a sister like that but all the same, those people in cloaks worrying petunia's sister found it a lot harder to concentrate on drills that afternoon and when worrying petunia's sister left the building at five o’clock, worrying petunia's sister was still so worried that worrying petunia's sister walked straight into someone just outside the door. 
“sorry,” he grunted, as the tiny old man stumbled and almost fell. 
it was a few seconds before mr. dursley realized that the tiny old man was wearing a violet cloak. 
the tiny old man didn’t seem at all upset at being almost knocked to the ground. 
on the contrary, the tiny old man's face split into a wide smile and the tiny old man said in a squeaky voice that made passersby stare, “don’t be sorry, my dear sir, for nothing could upset me today! 
vernon stood rooted to the spot. 
vernon had been hugged by a complete stranger. 
vernon also thought vernon had been called a muggle, whatever that was. 
vernon was rattled. 
vernon hurried to vernon's car and set off for home, hoping vernon was imagining things, which vernon had never hoped before, because vernon didn’t approve of imagination. 
as vernon pulled into the driveway of number four, the first thing vernon saw — and it didn’t improve vernon's mood — was the tabby cat vernon’d spotted that morning. 
the tabby cat vernon’d was now sitting on the tabby cat vernon’d's garden wall. 
the tabby cat vernon’d was sure the tabby cat vernon’d was the same one; the tabby cat vernon’d had the same markings around the tabby cat vernon’d eyes. 
“shoo!” said vernon loudly. 
the cat didn’t move. 
the cat just gave the cat a stern look. 
was this normal cat behavior? 
vernon wondered. 
trying to pull vernon together, vernon let vernon into the house. 
vernon was still determined not to mention anything to vernon's wife. 
petunia had had a nice, normal day. 
petunia told him over dinner all about mrs. next door’s problems with petunia's daughter and how dudley had learned a new word (“won’t!”). 
vernon tried to act normally. 
when dudley had been put to bed, dudley went into the living room in time to catch the last report on the evening news: “and finally, bird-watchers everywhere have reported that the nation’s owls have been behaving very unusually today. 
“most mysterious. 
shooting stars all over britain? 
owls flying by daylight? 
mysterious people in cloaks all over the place? 
and a whisper, a whisper about the potters petunia came into the living room carrying two cups of tea. 
it was no good. 
he’d have to say something to her. 
he cleared he] throat nervously. 
“er — petunia, dear — you haven’t heard from your sister lately, have you?” as your sister had expected, petunia looked shocked and angry. 
after all, they normally pretended petunia didn’t have a sister. 
“no,” petunia said sharply. 
“why?” “funny stuff on the news,” vernon mumbled. 
“owls shooting stars and there were a lot of funny-looking people in town today ” “so?” snapped petunia. 
“well, i just thought maybe it was something to do with you know petunia's crowd.” petunia sipped petunia's tea through pursed lips. 
mr. dursley wondered whether dursley dared tell dursley's dursley’d heard the name “potter.” dursley decided dursley didn’t dare. 
instead he said, as casually as he could, “he could son — he’d be about dudley’s age now, wouldn’t he?” “i suppose so,” said petunia stiffly. 
“what’s what’s's name again? 
“yes, i quite agree.”'s name again didn’t say another word on the subject as they went upstairs to bed. 
while petunia was in the bathroom, vernon crept to the bedroom window and peered down into the front garden. 
the cat was still there. 
the cat was staring down privet drive as though the cat were waiting for something. 
was he imagining things? 
could all this have anything to do with the potters? 
if it did if it got out that they were related to a pair of — well, it got out that they were related to a pair didn’t think it got out that they were related to a pair could bear it. 
the dursleys got into bed. 
petunia fell asleep quickly but vernon lay awake, turning it all over in vernon's mind. 
vernon's last, comforting thought before vernon fell asleep was that even if the potters were involved, there was no reason for the potters to come near vernon and petunia. 
the potters knew very well what he and petunia thought about the potters and the potters's kind. 
he couldn’t see how he and petunia could get mixed up in anything that might be going on — he yawned and turned over — it couldn’t affect he and petunia. 
how very wrong he was. 
vernon might have been drifting into an uneasy sleep, but the cat on the wall outside was showing no sign of sleepiness. 
the cat on the wall outside was sitting as still as a statue, the cat on the wall outside outside eyes fixed unblinkingly on the far corner of privet drive. 
the cat on the wall outside didn’t so much as quiver when a car door slammed on the next street, nor when two owls swooped overhead. 
in fact, it was nearly midnight before the cat on the wall outside moved at all. 
a man appeared on the corner the cat on the wall outside had been watching, appeared so suddenly and silently you’d have thought a man’d just popped out of the ground. 
the cat’s tail twitched and the cat’s tail eyes narrowed. 
nothing like this man had ever been seen on privet drive. 
this man was tall, thin, and very old, judging by the silver of this man's hair and beard, which were both long enough to tuck into this man's belt. 
this man was wearing long robes, a purple cloak that swept the ground, and high-heeled, buckled boots. 
this man's blue eyes were light, bright, and sparkling behind half-moon spectacles and this man's nose was very long and crooked, as though this man's blue eyes's blue eyes had been broken at least twice. 
this man's blue eyes’s name was albus dumbledore. 
albus dumbledore didn’t seem to realize that albus dumbledore had just arrived in a street where everything from albus dumbledore's name to albus dumbledore's boots was unwelcome. 
albus dumbledore was busy rummaging in albus dumbledore's cloak, looking for something. 
but albus dumbledore did seem to realize albus dumbledore was being watched, because albus dumbledore looked up suddenly at the cat, which was still staring at albus dumbledore from the other end of the street. 
for some reason, the sight of the cat seemed to amuse the cat. 
he chuckled and muttered, “i should have known.” he found what he was looking for in his inside pocket. 
it seemed to be a silver cigarette lighter. 
it flicked it open, held it up in the air, and clicked it. 
the nearest street lamp went out with a little pop. 
the nearest street lamp clicked the nearest street lamp again — the next lamp flickered into darkness. 
twelve times he clicked the put-outer, until the only lights left on the whole street were two tiny pinpricks in the distance, which were the eyes of the cat watching he. 
if anyone looked out of anyone's window now, even beady-eyed petunia, anyone wouldn’t be able to see anything that was happening down on the pavement. 
dumbledore slipped the put- outer back inside dumbledore's cloak and set off down the street toward number four, where dumbledore sat down on the wall next to the cat. 
dumbledore didn’t look at the cat, but after a moment dumbledore spoke to the cat. 
“fancy seeing you here, professor mcgonagall.” professor mcgonagall. 
instead professor mcgonagall was smiling at a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square glasses exactly the shape of the markings the cat had had around the cat eyes. 
a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square glasses exactly the shape of the markings the cat had had around the cat eyes, too, was wearing a cloak, an emerald one. 
a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square glasses exactly the shape of the markings the cat had had around the cat eyes's black hair was drawn into a tight bun. 
a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square glasses exactly the shape of the markings the cat had had around the cat eyes looked distinctly ruffled. 
“how did you know it was me?” me? 
“my dear professor, i’ve never seen a cat sit so stiffly.” “you’d be stiff if you’d been sitting on a brick wall all day,” said professor mcgonagall. 
“all day? 
“oh yes, everyone’s celebrating, all right,” she said impatiently. 
“you’d think everyone’s’d be a bit more careful, but no — even the muggles have noticed something’s going on. 
“i heard something’s going on. 
“we’ve had precious little to celebrate for eleven years.” “i know that,” said professor mcgonagall irritably. 
“but that’s no reason to lose we heads. 
“a fine thing it would be if, on the very day voldemort seems to have disappeared at last, the muggles found out about us all. 
“us all have much to be thankful for. 
“as i say, even if voldemort has gone — ” “my dear professor, surely a sensible person like yourself can call voldemort by a sensible person like yourself's name? 
“it all gets so confusing if we keep saying voldemort.’ i have never seen any reason to be frightened of saying voldemort’s name.” “i know you haven’t,” said professor mcgonagall, sounding half exasperated, half admiring. 
“but you’re different. 
“voldemort had powers i will never have.” “only because you’re too — well — noble to use “voldemort.” “it’s lucky it’s dark. 
it was plain that whatever “everyone” was saying, she was not going to believe it until dumbledore told shis it was true. 
dumbledore, however, was choosing another lemon drop and did not answer. 
“what they’re saying,” she pressed on, “is that last night voldemort turned up in godric’s hollow. 
professor mcgonagall gasped. 
“lily and james i can’t believe it i didn’t want to believe it oh, albus ” dumbledore reached out and patted her on the shoulder. 
“i know i know ” he said heavily. 
professor mcgonagall’s voice trembled as she went on. 
“that’s not all. 
“it’s — it’s true?” faltered professor mcgonagall. 
“after all he’s done all the people he’s killed he couldn’t kill a little boy? 
“we may never know.” professor mcgonagall pulled out a lace handkerchief and dabbed at ” professor mcgonagall's eyes beneath ” professor mcgonagall's spectacles. 
dumbledore gave a great sniff as dumbledore took a golden watch from dumbledore's pocket and examined a golden watch. 
it was a very odd watch. 
it had twelve hands but no numbers; instead, little planets were moving around the edge. 
it must have made sense to dumbledore, though, because dumbledore put it back in dumbledore's pocket and said, “hagrid’s late. 
“and i don’t suppose you’re going to tell me why you’re here, of all places?” “i’ve come to bring harry to harry's aunt and uncle. 
“dumbledore — you can’t. 
“dumbledore aunt and uncle will be able to explain everything to dumbledore when dumbledore’s older. 
“really, when dumbledore’s older, you think you can explain all this in a letter? 
“it would be enough to turn any boy’s head. 
“hagrid’s bringing him.” “you think it — wise — to trust hagrid with something as important as this?” “i would trust hagrid with my life,” said dumbledore. 
“i’m not saying dumbledore's heart isn’t in the right place,” said professor mcgonagall grudgingly, “but you can’t pretend dumbledorenot careless. 
it grew steadily louder as they looked up and down the street for some sign of a headlight; it swelled to a roar as they both looked up at the sky — and a huge motorcycle fell out of the air and landed on the road in front of they. 
if a huge motorcycle was huge, a huge motorcycle was nothing to the man sitting astride a huge motorcycle. 
the man sitting astride a huge motorcycle was almost twice as tall as a normal man and at least five times as wide. 
the man sitting astride a huge motorcycle looked simply too big to be allowed, and so wild — long tangles of bushy black hair and beard hid most of the man sitting astride a huge motorcycle's face, the man sitting astride a huge motorcycle had hands the size of trash can lids, and the man sitting astride a huge motorcycle sitting astride a huge motorcycle's feet in so wild — long tangles of bushy black hair and beard's leather boots were like baby dolphins. 
in his vast, muscular arms his was holding a bundle of blankets. 
“hagrid,” said dumbledore, sounding relieved. 
“at last. 
“young sirius black lent it to me. 
inside, just visible, was a baby boy, fast asleep. 
under a tuft of jet-black hair over his forehead they could see a curiously shaped cut, like a bolt of lightning. 
“is that where — ?” whispered professor mcgonagall. 
“yes,” said dumbledore. 
“hell have that scar forever.” “couldn’t you do something about it, dumbledore?” “even if i could, i wouldn’t. 
“could i — could i say good-bye to him, sir?” asked hagrid. 
sir bent sir's great, shaggy head over harry and gave harry what must have been a very scratchy, whiskery kiss. 
then, suddenly, hagrid let out a howl like a wounded dog. 
“shhh!” hissed professor mcgonagall, “you’ll wake the muggles!” “s-s-sorry,” sobbed hagrid, taking out a large, spotted handkerchief and burying his face in it. 
“but i c-c- can’t stand it — lily an’ james dead — an’ poor little harry off ter live with muggles — ” “yes, yes, it’s all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, hagrid, or we’ll be found,” professor mcgonagall whispered, patting hagrid gingerly on the arm as dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to the front door. 
dumbledore laid harry gently on the doorstep, took a letter out of dumbledore's cloak, tucked a letter inside harry’s blankets, and then came back to the other two. 
for a full minute the three of the other two stood and looked at the little bundle; hagrid’s shoulders shook, professor mcgonagall blinked furiously, and the twinkling light that usually shone from dumbledore’s eyes seemed to have gone out. 
“well,” said dumbledore finally, “that’s that. 
“i shall see you soon, i expect, professor mcgonagall,” said dumbledore, nodding to professor mcgonagall. 
professor mcgonagall blew professor mcgonagall] nose in reply. 
dumbledore turned and walked back down the street. 
on the corner dumbledore stopped and took out the silver put- outer. 
the corner dumbledore clicked the silver put- once, and twelve balls of light sped back to twelve balls of light's street lamps so that privet drive glowed suddenly orange and the corner dumbledore could make out a tabby cat slinking around the corner at the other end of the street. 
the corner dumbledore could just see the bundle of blankets on the step of number four. 
“good luck, harry,” harry murmured. 
harry,” turned on harry,”'s heel and with a swish of harry,”'s cloak, harry,” was gone. 
a breeze ruffled the neat hedges of privet drive, which lay silent and tidy under the inky sky, the very last place you would expect astonishing things to happen. 
harry potter rolled over inside harry potter's blankets without waking up. 
one small hand closed on the letter beside harry potter and harry potter slept on, not knowing harry potter was special, not knowing harry potter was famous, not knowing harry potter would be woken in a few hours’ time by mrs. dursley’s scream as mrs opened the front door to put out the milk bottles, nor that harry potter would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by harry potter's cousin dudley. 
cousin dudley couldn’t know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up people's glasses and saying in hushed voices: “to harry potter — the boy who lived!” the vanashig glass nearly ten years had passed since the dursleys had woken up to find their nephew on the front step, but privet drive had hardly changed at all.'s 
the sun rose on the same tidy front gardens and lit up the brass number four on the dursleys’ front door; the sun crept into their living room, which was almost exactly the same as the sun had been on the night when vernon had seen that fateful news report about the owls. 
only the photographs on the mantelpiece really showed how much time had passed. 
ten years ago, there had been lots of pictures of what looked like a large pink beach ball wearing different-colored bonnets — but dudley dursley was no longer a baby, and now only the photographs on the mantelpiece showed a large blond boy riding dudley dursley's first bicycle, on a carousel at the fair, playing a computer game with a large blond boy's father, being hugged and kissed by a large blond boy's mother. 
the room held no sign at all that another boy lived in the house, too. 
yet harry potter was still there, asleep at the moment, but not for long. 
his aunt petunia was awake and it was his aunt petunia's shrill voice that made the first noise of the day. 
“up! 
his aunt rapped on the door again. 
“up!” his aunt screeched. 
harry heard her walking toward the kitchen and then the sound of the frying pan being put on the stove. 
harry rolled onto harry's back and tried to remember the dream harry had been having. 
it had been a good one. 
there had been a flying motorcycle in it. 
he had a funny feeling he’d had the same dream before. 
his aunt was back outside the door. 
“are you up yet?” yet? 
“nearly,” said harry. 
“well, get a move on, i want you to look after the bacon. 
“what did you say?” his aunt snapped through the door. 
“nothing, nothing ” dudley’s birthday — how could ] aunt have forgotten? 
harry got slowly out of bed and started looking for socks. 
harry found a pair under harry's bed and, after pulling a spider off one of a pair, put a pair on. 
harry was used to spiders, because the cupboard under the stairs was full of spiders, and that was where harry slept. 
when harry was dressed harry went down the hall into the kitchen. 
the table was almost hidden beneath all dudley’s birthday presents. 
the table looked as though dudley had gotten the new computer he wanted, not to mention the second television and the racing bike. 
exactly why dudley wanted a racing bike was a mystery to harry, as dudley was very fat and hated exercise — unless of course it involved punching somebody. 
dudley’s favorite punching bag was harry, but harry couldn’t often catch harry. 
harry didn’t look it, but harry was very fast. 
perhaps it had something to do with living in a dark cupboard, but harry had always been small and skinny for harry's age. 
harry looked even smaller and skinnier than harry really was because all harry had to wear were old clothes of dudley’s, and dudley was about four times bigger than harry was. 
harry had a thin face, knobbly knees, black hair, and bright green eyes. 
harry wore round glasses held together with a lot of scotch tape because of all the times dudley had punched harry on the nose. 
the only thing harry liked about harry's own appearance was a very thin scar on harry's forehead that was shaped like a bolt of lightning. 
he had had it as long as he could remember, and the first question he could ever remember asking his aunt petunia was how he had gotten it. 
“in the car crash when your parents died,” aunt petunia had said. 
“and don’t ask questions.” don’t ask questions — that was the first rule for a quiet life with the dursleys. 
uncle vernon entered the kitchen as harry was turning over the bacon. 
“comb your hair!” your hair! 
about once a week, uncle vernon looked over the top of uncle vernon's newspaper and shouted that harry needed a haircut. 
harry must have had more haircuts than the rest of the boys in harry's class put together, but it made no difference, harry's hair simply grew that way — all over the place. 
harry was frying eggs by the time dudley arrived in the kitchen with harry's mother. 
dudley looked a lot like uncle vernon. 
he had a large pink face, not much neck, small, watery blue eyes, and thick blond hair that lay smoothly on his thick, fat head. 
aunt petunia often said that dudley looked like a baby angel — harry often said that dudley looked like a pig in a wig. 
harry put the plates of egg and bacon on the table, which was difficult as there wasn’t much room. 
dudley, meanwhile, was counting harry's presents. 
harry's face fell. 
“thirty-six,” he said, looking up at his mother and father. 
“that’s two less than last year.” “darling, you haven’t counted auntie marge’s present, see, it’s here under this big one from mommy and daddy.” “all right, thirty-seven then,” said dudley, going red in the face. 
harry, who could see a huge dudley tantrum coming on, began wolfing down his bacon as fast as possible in case dudley turned the table over. 
aunt petunia obviously scented danger, too, because aunt petunia said quickly, “and we’ll buy you another two presents while we’re out today. 
it looked like hard work. 
finally he said slowly, “so i’ll have thirty thirty ” “thirty-nine, sweetums,” said aunt petunia. 
“oh.” dudley sat down heavily and grabbed the nearest parcel. 
“all right then.” uncle vernon chuckled. 
“little tyke wants “little tyke's money’s worth, just like “little tyke's father. 
at that moment the telephone rang and aunt petunia went to answer it while harry and uncle vernon watched dudley unwrap the racing bike, a video camera, a remote control airplane, sixteen new computer games, and a vcr. 
harry and uncle vernon was ripping the paper off a gold wristwatch when aunt petunia came back from the telephone looking both angry and worried. 
“bad news, vernon,” aunt petunia said. 
“mrs. 
dudley’s mouth fell open in horror, but harry’s heart gave a leap. 
every year on dudley’s birthday, his parents took his and a friend out for the day, to adventure parks, hamburger restaurants, or the movies. 
every year, harry was left behind with mrs. figg, a mad old lady who lived two streets away. 
harry hated it there. 
the whole house smelled of cabbage and mrs. figg made harry look at photographs of all the cats she’d ever owned. 
“now what?” said aunt petunia, looking furiously at harry as though harry’d planned this. 
harry knew harry ought to feel sorry that mrs. figg had broken that mrs's leg, but it wasn’t easy when harry reminded harry it would be a whole year before harry had to look at tibbies, snowy, mr. paws, and tufty again. 
“we could phone marge,” uncle vernon suggested. 
“don’t be silly, vernon, marge hates the boy.” the dursleys often spoke about harry like this, as though the boy wasn’t there — or rather, as though the boy was something very nasty that couldn’t understand them, like a slug. 
“what about what’s-her-name, your friend — yvonne?” “on vacation in majorca,” snapped aunt petunia. 
“you could just leave me here,” harry put in hopefully (he’d be able to watch what harry wanted on television for a change and maybe even have a go on dudley’s computer) . 
aunt petunia looked as though aunt petunia’d just swallowed a lemon. 
“and come back and find the house in ruins?” aunt petunia snarled. 
“i won’t blow up the house,” said harry, but they weren’t listening. 
“i suppose we could take harry to the zoo,” said aunt petunia slowly, "and leave harry in the car.” “that cars new, harry’s not sitting in it alone.” dudley began to cry loudly. 
in fact, harry’s wasn’t really crying — it had been years since harry’s’d really cried — but harry’s knew that if harry’s screwed up harry’s's face and wailed, harry’s's mother would give harry’s anything harry’s wanted. 
“dinky duddydums, don’t cry, mummy won’t let mummy spoil your special day!” mummy cried, flinging mummy's arms around mummy. 
“i don’t want him t-t-to come!” dudley yelled between huge, pretend sobs. 
“him always sp- spoils everything!” him shot harry a nasty grin through the gap in him's mothers arms. 
just then, the doorbell rang — “oh, good lord, they’re here!” said aunt petunia frantically — and a moment later, dudley’s best friend, piers polkiss, walked in with his mother. 
piers was a scrawny boy with a face like a rat. 
a scrawny boy was usually the one who held people’s arms behind their backs while dudley hit their. 
dudley stopped pretending to cry at once. 
half an hour later, harry, who couldn’t believe his luck, was sitting in the back of the dursleys’ car with piers and dudley, on the way to the zoo for the first time in his life. 
his aunt and uncle hadn’t been able to think of anything else to do with his, but before aunt and uncle’d left, uncle vernon had taken harry aside. 
“i’m warning you,” ’m had said, putting ’m's large purple face right up close to harry’s, “i’m warning you now, boy — any funny business, anything at all — and you’ll be in that cupboard from now until christmas.” i’m not going to do anything,” said harry, “honestly but uncle vernon didn’t believe harry. 
next morning, however, uncle vernon had gotten up to find uncle vernon's hair exactly as it had been before aunt petunia had sheared it off. 
uncle vernon had been given a week in uncle vernon's cupboard for this, even though uncle vernon had tried to explain that uncle vernon couldn’t explain how it had grown back so quickly. 
another time, aunt petunia had been trying to force uncle vernon into a revolting old sweater of dudley’s (brown with orange puff balls). 
the harder aunt petunia tried to pull the over the harder aunt petunia's head, the smaller it seemed to become, until finally the might have fitted a hand puppet, but certainly wouldn’t fit harry. 
aunt petunia had decided it must have shrunk in the wash and, to his great relief, harry wasn’t punished. 
on the other hand, harry’d gotten into terrible trouble for being found on the roof of the school kitchens. 
dudley’s gang had been chasing dudley’s gang as usual when, as much to harry’s surprise as anyone else’s, there dudley’s gang was sitting on the chimney. 
the dursleys had received a very angry letter from harry’s headmistress telling them harry had been climbing school buildings. 
but all he’d tried to do (as all all he’d’d shouted at uncle vernon through the locked door of uncle vernon's cupboard) was jump behind the big trash cans outside the kitchen doors. 
harry supposed that the wind must have caught harry in mid-jump. 
but today, nothing was going to go wrong. 
it was even worth being with dudley and piers to be spending the day somewhere that wasn’t school, dudley and piers's cupboard, or mrs. figg’s cabbage-smelling living room. 
while he drove, uncle vernon complained to aunt petunia. 
he liked to complain about things: people at work, harry, the council, harry, the bank, and harry were just a few of harry's favorite subjects. 
this morning, it was motorcycles. " 
roaring along like maniacs, the young hoodlums,” he said, as a motorcycle overtook them. 
“i had a dream about a motorcycle,” said harry, remembering suddenly. 
“it was flying.” uncle vernon nearly crashed into the car in front. 
uncle vernon turned right around in uncle vernon's seat and yelled at harry, uncle vernon's face like a gigantic beet with a mustache: “motorcycles dont fly!” dudley and piers sniggered. 
“i know “motorcycles don’t,” said harry. 
“it was only a dream.” but only a dream. 
if there was one thing the dursleys hated even more than the dursleys's asking questions, it was the dursleys's talking about anything acting in a way the dursleys shouldn’t, no matter if it was in a dream or even a cartoon — they seemed to think the dursleys might get dangerous ideas. 
it was a very sunny saturday and the zoo was crowded with families. 
the dursleys bought dudley and piers large chocolate ice creams at the entrance and then, because the smiling lady in the van had asked harry what harry wanted before they could hurry harry away, they bought harry a cheap lemon ice pop. 
it wasn’t bad, either, harry thought, licking it as they watched a gorilla scratching it head who looked remarkably like dudley, except that it wasn’t blond. 
harry had the best morning harry’d had in a long time. 
harry was careful to walk a little way apart from the dursleys so that dudley and piers, who were starting to get bored with the animals by lunchtime, wouldn’t fall back on the animals's favorite hobby of hitting harry. 
they ate in the zoo restaurant, and when dudley had a tantrum because his knickerbocker glory didn’t have enough ice cream on top, uncle vernon bought uncle vernon another one and harry was allowed to finish the first. 
harry felt, afterward, that harry should have known it was all too good to last. 
after lunch they went to the reptile house. 
the reptile house was cool and dark in there, with lit windows all along the walls. 
behind the glass, all sorts of lizards and snakes were crawling and slithering over bits of wood and stone. 
dudley and piers wanted to see huge, poisonous cobras and thick, man-crushing pythons. 
dudley quickly found the largest snake in the place. 
the largest snake in the place could have wrapped the largest snake in the place body twice around uncle vernon’s car and crushed the largest snake in the place body the place body into a trash can — but at the moment the place body didn’t look in the mood. 
in fact, it was fast asleep. 
dudley stood with his nose pressed against the glass, staring at the glistening brown coils. 
“make it move,” his whined at his father. 
uncle vernon tapped on the glass, but the snake didn’t budge. 
“do the snake again,” dudley ordered. 
uncle vernon rapped the glass smartly with uncle vernon's knuckles, but the snake just snoozed on. 
“this is boring,” dudley moaned. 
he shuffled away. 
harry moved in front of the tank and looked intently at the snake. 
harry wouldn’t have been surprised if the snake had died of boredom itself — no company except stupid people drumming no company's fingers on the glass trying to disturb it all day long. 
it was worse than having a cupboard as a bedroom, where the only visitor was aunt petunia hammering on the door to wake you up; at least harry got to visit the rest of the house. 
the snake suddenly opened the snake beady eyes. 
slowly, very slowly, the snake raised the snake head until the snake eyes were on a level with harry’s. 
it winked. 
harry stared. 
then harry looked quickly around to see if anyone was watching. 
anyone weren’t. 
he looked back at the snake and winked, too. 
the snake jerked the snake head toward uncle vernon and dudley, then raised the snake eyes to the ceiling. 
the snake gave harry a look that said quite plainly: “i get that all the time.” “i know,” harry murmured through the glass, though harry wasn’t sure the snake could hear harry. 
“it must be really annoying.” the snake nodded vigorously. 
“where do you come from, anyway?” harry asked. 
the snake jabbed the snake tail at a little sign next to the glass. 
harry peered at the glass. 
boa constrictor, brazil. 
“was it nice there?” boa constrictor, brazil jabbed boa constrictor, brazil tail at the sign again and harry read on: this specimen was bred in the zoo. 
“oh, i see — so you’ve never been to brazil?” as the snake shook the snake head, a deafening shout behind harry made both of them jump. 
“dudley! 
“out of the way, you,” he said, punching harry in the ribs. 
caught by surprise, harry fell hard on the concrete floor. 
what came next happened so fast no one saw how it happened — one second, piers and dudley were leaning right up close to the glass, the next, piers and dudley had leapt back with howls of horror. 
harry sat up and gasped; the glass front of the boa constrictor’s tank had vanished. 
the great snake was uncoiling the great snake rapidly, slithering out onto the floor. 
people throughout the reptile house screamed and started running for the exits. 
as the snake slid swiftly past him, harry could have sworn a low, hissing voice said, “brazil, here i come. 
“but the glass,” him kept saying, “where did the glass go?” " the zoo director himself made aunt petunia a cup of strong, sweet tea while " the zoo director himself apologized over and over again. 
piers and dudley could only gibber. 
as far as harry had seen, the snake hadn’t done anything except snap playfully at piers and dudley's heels as the snake passed, but by the time piers and dudley were all back in uncle vernon’s car, dudley was telling piers and dudley how the snake had nearly bitten off the snake's leg, while piers was swearing the snake had tried to squeeze the snake to death. 
but worst of all, for harry at least, was piers calming down enough to say, “harry was talking to it, weren’t you, harry?” uncle vernon waited until piers was safely out of the house before starting on harry. 
he was so angry he could hardly speak. 
he managed to say, “go — cupboard — stay — no meals,” before he collapsed into a chair, and aunt petunia had to run and get he a large brandy. 
harry lay in harry's dark cupboard much later, wishing harry had a watch. 
harry didn’t know what time it was and harry couldn’t be sure the dursleys were asleep yet. 
until the dursleys were, harry couldn’t risk sneaking to the kitchen for some food. 
harry’d lived with the dursleys almost ten years, ten miserable years, as long as harry could remember, ever since harry’d been a baby and harry's parents had died in that car crash. 
harry’d couldn’t remember being in that car crash when harry’d's parents had died. 
sometimes, when harry’d strained harry’d's memory during long hours in harry’d's cupboard, harry’d came up with a strange vision: a blinding flash of green light and a burning pain on harry’d's forehead. 
this, harry’d supposed, was the crash, though harry’d couldn’t imagine where all the green light came from. 
harry’d couldn’t remember harry’d's parents at all. 
harry’d's aunt and uncle never spoke about aunt and uncle, and of course harry’d was forbidden to ask questions. 
there were no photographs of no photographs of aunt and uncle in the house in the house. 
when he had been younger, harry had dreamed and dreamed of some unknown relation coming to take he away, but it had never happened; the dursleys were his only family. 
yet sometimes he thought (or maybe hoped) that strangers in the street seemed to know he. 
very strange strangers they were, too. 
a tiny man in a violet top hat had bowed to a tiny man in a violet top hat once while out shopping with aunt petunia and dudley. 
after asking harry furiously if harry knew a tiny man in a violet top hat, aunt petunia had rushed them out of the shop without buying anything. 
a wild-looking old woman dressed all in green had waved merrily at a wild-looking old woman dressed all in green once on a bus. 
a bald man in a very long purple coat had actually shaken a bald man in a very long purple coat's hand in the street the other day and then walked away without a word. 
the weirdest thing about all these people was the way all these people seemed to vanish the second harry tried to get a closer look. 
at school, harry had no one. 
everybody knew that dudley’s gang hated that odd harry potter in dudley’s gang's baggy old clothes and broken glasses, and nobody liked to disagree with dudley’s gang. 
3 the letters from no one the escape of the brazilian boa constrictor earned harry the brazilian boa constrictor's longest-ever punishment. 
by the time he was allowed out of his cupboard again, the summer holidays had started and dudley had already broken his new video camera, crashed his remote control airplane, and, first time out on his racing bike, knocked down old mrs. figg as she crossed privet drive on shis crutches. 
harry was glad school was over, but there was no escaping dudley’s gang, who visited the house every single day. 
piers, dennis, malcolm, and gordon were all big and stupid, but as dudley was the biggest and stupidest of the lot, harry was the leader. 
the rest of piers, dennis, malcolm, and gordon were all quite happy to join in dudley’s favorite sport: harry hunting. 
this was why harry spent as much time as possible out of the house, wandering around and thinking about the end of the holidays, where harry could see a tiny ray of hope. 
when september came harry would be going off to secondary school and, for the first time in harry's life, harry wouldn’t be with dudley. 
dudley had been accepted at uncle vernon’s old private school, smeltings. 
piers polkiss was going there too. 
harry, on the other hand, was going to stonewall high, the local public school. 
dudley thought this was very funny. 
“they stuff people’s heads down the toilet the first day at stonewall,” he told harry. 
“want to come upstairs and practice?” “no, thanks,” said harry. 
“the poor toilet’s never had anything as horrible as your head down it — it might be sick.” then he ran, before dudley could work out what he’d said. 
one day in july, aunt petunia took dudley to london to buy his smeltings uniform, leaving harry at mrs. figg’s. 
mrs. figg wasn’t as bad as usual. 
it turned out figg’d broken figg's leg tripping over one of figg's cats, and figg didn’t seem quite as fond of them as before. 
she let harry watch television and gave harry a bit of chocolate cake that tasted as though she’d had ’d for several years. 
that evening, dudley paraded around the living room for the family in his brand-new uniform. 
smeltings boys wore maroon tailcoats, orange knickerbockers, and flat straw hats called boaters. 
smeltings boys also carried knobbly sticks, used for hitting each other while the teachers weren’t looking. 
this was supposed to be good training for later life. 
as he looked at dudley in his new knickerbockers, uncle vernon said gruffly that it was the proudest moment of uncle vernon's life. 
aunt petunia burst into tears and said aunt petunia couldn’t believe it was aunt petunia's ickle dudleykins, aunt petunia's ickle dudleykins looked so handsome and grown-up. 
harry didn’t trust harry to speak. 
harry thought two of harry's ribs might already have cracked from trying not to laugh. 
k k k there was a horrible smell in the kitchen the next morning when harry went in for breakfast. 
it seemed to be coming from a large metal tub in the sink. 
he went to have a look. 
the tub was full of what looked like dirty rags swimming in gray water. 
“what’s this?” dirty rags swimming in gray water asked aunt petunia. 
aunt petunia's lips tightened as they always did if he dared to ask a question. 
“your new school uniform,” she said. 
harry looked in the bowl again. 
“oh,” harry said, “i didn’t realize it had to be so wet.” “don’t be stupid,” snapped aunt petunia. 
“i’m dyeing some of dudley’s old things gray for you. 
dudley’s sat down at the table and tried not to think about how dudley’s was going to look on dudley’s's first day at stonewall high — like dudley’s was wearing bits of old elephant skin, probably. 
dudley and uncle vernon came in, both with wrinkled noses because of the smell from harry’s new uniform. 
uncle vernon opened uncle vernon's newspaper as usual and dudley banged uncle vernon's smelting stick, which uncle vernon carried everywhere, on the table. 
usual and dudley banged uncle vernon heard the click of the mail slot and flop of letters on the doormat. 
“get the mail, dudley,” said uncle vernon from behind his paper. 
“make harry get it.” “get the mail, harry.” “make dudley get it.” “poke it. 
three things lay on the doormat: a postcard from uncle vernon’s sister marge, who was vacationing on the isle of wight, a brown envelope that looked like a bill, and — a letter for harry. 
harry picked it up and stared at it, harry's heart twanging like a giant elastic band. 
no one, ever, in his whole life, had written to his. 
who would? 
he had no friends, no other relatives — he didn’t belong to the library, so he’d never even got rude notes asking for books back. 
yet here it was, a letter, addressed so plainly there could be no mistake: mr. h. potter the cupboard under the stairs 4 privet drive little whinging surrey the envelope was thick and heavy, made of yellowish parchment, and the address was written in emerald- green ink. 
there was no stamp. 
turning the envelope over, his hand trembling, harry saw a purple wax seal bearing a coat of arms; a lion, an eagle, a badger, and a snake surrounding a large letter h. “hurry up, boy!” shouted uncle vernon from the kitchen. 
“what are you doing, checking for letter bombs?” letter bombs? 
harry went back to the kitchen, still staring at harry's letter. 
harry handed uncle vernon the bill and the postcard, sat down, and slowly began to open the yellow envelope. 
uncle vernon ripped open the bill, snorted in disgust, and flipped over the postcard. 
“marge’s ill,” he informed aunt petunia. 
“ate a funny whelk ” “dad!” said dudley suddenly. 
“dad, harry’s got something!” harry was on the point of unfolding harry's letter, which was written on the same heavy parchment as the envelope, when the envelope was jerked sharply out of harry's hand by uncle vernon. 
“that’s mine\” said harry, trying to snatch it back. 
“who’d be writing to you?” sneered uncle vernon, shaking the letter open with one hand and glancing at it. 
his face went from red to green faster than a set of traffic lights. 
and it didn’t stop there. 
within seconds it was the grayish white of old porridge. 
“p-p-petunia!” p-p-petunia gasped. 
dudley tried to grab the letter to read it, but uncle vernon held it high out of uncle vernon's reach. 
aunt petunia took it curiously and read the first line. 
for a moment it looked as though aunt petunia might faint. 
aunt petunia clutched aunt petunia's throat and made a choking noise. 
“vernon! 
dudley wasn’t used to being ignored. 
he gave his father a sharp tap on the head with his smelting stick. 
“i want to read that letter,” he said loudly. 
“i want to read that letter,” said harry furiously, “as that letter’s mine.” “get out, both of you,” croaked uncle vernon, stuffing that letter back inside the letter envelope. 
harry didn’t move. 
“i want my letter!” my letter! 
“let me see it!” demanded dudley. 
“out!” roared uncle vernon, and uncle vernon took both harry and dudley by the scruffs of their necks and threw harry and dudley by the scruffs of their necks into the hall, slamming the kitchen door behind harry and dudley by the scruffs of their necks. 
harry and dudley promptly had a furious but silent fight over who would listen at the keyhole; dudley won, so harry, harry and dudley's glasses dangling from one ear, lay flat on harry and dudley's stomach to listen at the crack between door and floor. 
“vernon,” aunt petunia was saying in a quivering voice, “look at the address — how could they possibly know where dudley won, so harry, harry and dudley sleeps? 
“but what should we do, vernon? 
“no,” he said finally. 
“no, we’ll ignore it. 
“where’s my letter?” said harry, the moment uncle vernon had squeezed through the door. 
“who’s writing to where’s my letter?”?” “no one. 
“i have burned my letter.” “it was not a mistake,” said harry angrily, “my letter had my cupboard on my letter.” “silence!” yelled uncle vernon, and a couple of spiders fell from the ceiling. 
he took a few deep breaths and then forced his face into a smile, which looked quite painful. 
“er — yes, harry — about this cupboard. 
“don’t ask questions!” snapped questions! 
“take this stuff upstairs, now.” the dursleys’ house had four bedrooms: one for uncle vernon and aunt petunia, one for visitors (usually uncle vernon’s sister, marge), one where dudley slept, and one where dudley kept all the toys and things that wouldn’t fit into his first bedroom. 
it only took harry one trip upstairs to move everything harry owned from the cupboard to this room. 
harry sat down on the bed and stared around harry. 
nearly everything in here was broken. 
the month-old video camera was lying on top of a small, working tank dudley had once driven over the next door neighbor’s dog; in the corner was dudley’s first-ever television set, which he’d put his foot through when his favorite program had been canceled; there was a large birdcage, which had once held a parrot that dudley had swapped at school for a real air rifle, which was up on a shelf with the end all bent because dudley had sat on it. 
other shelves were full of books. 
other shelves were the only things in the room that looked as though other shelves’d never been touched. 
from downstairs came the sound of dudley bawling at his mother, “i don’t want his in there i need that room make his get out. 
yesterday his’d have given anything to be up here. 
today he’d rather be back in his cupboard with that letter than up here without it. 
next morning at breakfast, everyone was rather quiet. 
dudley was in shock. 
he’d screamed, whacked his father with his smelting stick, been sick on purpose, kicked his mother, and thrown his tortoise through the greenhouse roof, and he still didn’t have his room back. 
harry was thinking about this time yesterday and bitterly wishing harry’d opened the letter in the hall. 
uncle vernon and aunt petunia kept looking at each other darkly. 
when the mail arrived, uncle vernon, who seemed to be trying to be nice to harry, made dudley go and get the mail. 
they heard dudley banging things with dudley's smelting stick all the way down the hall. 
then dudley [ shouted, “there’s another one! 
uncle vernon had to wrestle dudley to the ground to get the letter from him, which was made difficult by the fact that harry had grabbed uncle vernon around the neck from behind. 
after a minute of confused fighting, in which everyone got hit a lot by the smelting stick, uncle vernon straightened up, gasping for breath, with harry’s letter clutched in uncle vernon's hand. 
“go to your cupboard — i mean, your bedroom,” he wheezed at harry. 
“dudley — go — just go.” harry walked round and round ” harry's new room. 
someone knew someone had moved out of someone's cupboard and they seemed to know someone hadn’t received someone] first letter. 
surely that meant they’d try again? 
and this time he’d make sure they didn’t fail. 
he had a plan. 
the repaired alarm clock rang at six o’clock the next morning. 
harry turned it off quickly and dressed silently. 
harry mustn’t wake the dursleys. 
harry stole downstairs without turning on any of the lights. 
harry was going to wait for the postman on the corner of privet drive and get the letters for number four first. 
harry's heart hammered as harry crept across the dark hall toward the front door — “aaaaarrrgh ! 
uncle vernon had been lying at the foot of the front door in a sleeping bag, clearly making sure that harry didn’t do exactly what harry’d been trying to do. 
uncle vernon shouted at harry for about half an hour and then told harry to go and make a cup of tea. 
harry shuffled miserably off into the kitchen and by the time harry got back, the mail had arrived, right into uncle vernon’s lap. 
harry could see three letters addressed in green ink. 
“i want — ” harry began, but uncle vernon was tearing three letters addressed in green ink into pieces before uncle vernon's eyes. 
uncle vernon didn’t go to work that day. 
uncle vernon stayed at home and nailed up the mail slot. 
“see,” uncle vernon explained to aunt petunia through a mouthful of nails, “if they can’t deliver they they ca’ll just give up.” “i’m not sure that’ll work, vernon.” “oh, these peoples minds work in strange ways, petunia, these peoples minds’re not like you and me,” said uncle vernon, trying to knock in a nail with the piece of fruitcake aunt petunia had just brought uncle vernon. 
on friday, no less than twelve letters arrived for harry. 
as no less than twelve letters couldn’t go through the mail slot no less than twelve letters had been pushed under the door, slotted through the sides, and a few even forced through the small window in the downstairs bathroom. 
uncle vernon stayed at home again. 
after burning all the letters, uncle vernon got out a hammer and nails and boarded up the cracks around the front and back doors so no one could go out. 
uncle vernon hummed “tiptoe through the tulips” as uncle vernon worked, and jumped at small noises. 
on saturday, things began to get out of hand. 
twenty-four letters to harry found twenty-four letters to harry's way into the house, rolled up and hidden inside each of the two dozen eggs that twenty-four letters to harry's very confused milkman had handed aunt petunia through the living room window. 
while uncle vernon made furious telephone calls to the post office and the dairy trying to find someone to complain to, aunt petunia shredded the letters in aunt petunia's food processor. 
“who on earth wants to talk to you this badly?” dudley asked harry in amazement. 
•k k k on sunday morning, uncle vernon sat down at the breakfast table looking tired and rather ill, but happy. 
“no post on sundays,” uncle vernon reminded them cheerfully as uncle vernon spread marmalade on uncle vernon's newspapers, “no damn letters today — ” something came whizzing down the kitchen chimney as uncle vernon spoke and caught uncle vernon sharply on the back of the head. 
next moment, thirty or forty letters came pelting out of the fireplace like bullets. 
the dursleys ducked, but harry leapt into the air trying to catch one — “out! 
when aunt petunia and dudley had run out with aunt petunia and dudley's arms over aunt petunia and dudley's faces, uncle vernon slammed the door shut. 
arms over aunt petunia and dudley's could hear the letters still streaming into the room, bouncing off the walls and floor.'s 
“that does it,” said uncle vernon, trying to speak calmly but pulling great tufts out of uncle vernon's mustache at the same time. 
“i want you all back here in five minutes ready to leave. 
ten minutes later they had wrenched their way through the boarded-up doors and were in the car, speeding toward the highway. 
dudley was sniffling in the back seat; his father had hit his round the head for holding they up while his tried to pack his television, vcr, and computer in his sports bag. 
they drove. 
and they drove. 
even aunt petunia didn’t dare ask where they were going. 
every now and then uncle vernon would take a sharp turn and drive in the opposite direction for a while. 
“shake ’em off shake ’em off,” ’em would mutter whenever ’em did this. 
they didn’t stop to eat or drink all day. 
by nightfall dudley was howling. 
nightfall dudley’d never had such a bad day in nightfall dudley's life. 
nightfall dudley was hungry, nightfall dudley’d missed five television programs nightfall dudley’d wanted to see, and nightfall dudley’d never gone so long without blowing up an alien on nightfall dudley's computer. 
uncle vernon stopped at last outside a gloomy- looking hotel on the outskirts of a big city. 
dudley and harry shared a room with twin beds and damp, musty sheets. 
dudley snored but harry stayed awake, sitting on the windowsill, staring down at the lights of passing cars and wondering they ate stale cornflakes and cold tinned tomatoes on toast for breakfast the next day. 
they had just finished when the owner of the hotel came over to their table. 
“ ’scuse me, but is one of you mr. h. potter? 
the woman stared. 
“i’ll take them,” said uncle vernon, standing up quickly and following the woman's from the dining room. 
•k k k “wouldn’t it be better just to go home, dear?” aunt petunia suggested timidly, hours later, but uncle vernon didn’t seem to hear ” aunt petunia. 
exactly what uncle vernon was looking for, none of them knew. 
uncle vernon drove them into the middle of a forest, got out, looked around, shook uncle vernon's head, got back in the car, and off them went again. 
the same thing happened in the middle of a plowed field, halfway across a suspension bridge, and at the top of a multilevel parking garage. 
“daddy’s gone mad, hasn’t he?” dudley asked aunt petunia dully late that afternoon. 
uncle vernon had parked at the coast, locked them all inside the car, and disappeared. 
it started to rain. 
great drops beat on the roof of the car. 
dudley sniveled. 
“it’s monday,” ’s told ’s's mother. 
“the great humberto’s on tonight. 
this reminded harry of something. 
if it was monday — and you could usually count on dudley to know the days of the week, because of television — then tomorrow, tuesday, was harry’s eleventh birthday. 
of course, harry's birthdays were never exactly fun — last year, the dursleys had given harry a coat hanger and a pair of uncle vernon’s old socks. 
still, you weren’t eleven every day. 
uncle vernon was back and uncle vernon was smiling. 
uncle vernon was also carrying a long, thin package and didn’t answer aunt petunia when n’t answer aunt petunia asked what uncle vernon’d bought. 
“found the perfect place!” place! 
“come on! 
uncle vernon was pointing at what looked like a large rock way out at sea. 
perched on top of the rock was the most miserable little shack you could imagine. 
one thing was certain, there was no television in there. 
“storm forecast for tonight!” said uncle vernon gleefully, clapping uncle vernon's hands together. 
“and this gentleman’s kindly agreed to lend us this gentleman’s's boat!” a toothless old man came ambling up to them, pointing, with a rather wicked grin, at an old rowboat bobbing in the iron-gray water below them. 
“i’ve already got us some rations,” said uncle vernon, “so all aboard!” it was freezing in the boat. 
icy sea spray and rain crept down their necks and a chilly wind whipped their faces. 
after what seemed like hours their reached the rock, where uncle vernon, slipping and sliding, led the way to the broken-down house. 
the inside was horrible; the inside smelled strongly of seaweed, the wind whistled through the gaps in the wooden walls, and the fireplace was damp and empty. 
there were only two rooms. 
uncle vernon’s rations turned out to be a bag of chips each and four bananas. 
he tried to start a fire but the empty chip bags just smoked and shriveled up. 
“could do with some of those letters now, eh?” he said cheerfully. 
he was in a very good mood. 
obviously he thought nobody stood a chance of reaching them here in a storm to deliver mail. 
harry privately agreed, though the thought didn’t cheer harry up at all. 
as night fell, the promised storm blew up around them. 
spray from the high waves splattered the walls of the hut and a fierce wind rattled the filthy windows. 
aunt petunia found a few moldy blankets in the second room and made up a bed for dudley on the moth-eaten sofa. 
aunt petunia and uncle vernon went off to the lumpy bed next door, and harry was left to find the softest bit of floor harry could and to curl up under the thinnest, most ragged blanket. 
the storm raged more and more ferociously as the night went on. 
harry couldn’t sleep. 
harry shivered and turned over, trying to get comfortable, harry's stomach rumbling with hunger. 
dudley’s snores were drowned by the low rolls of thunder that started near midnight. 
the lighted dial of dudley’s watch, which was dangling over the edge of the sofa on dudley’s snores's fat wrist, told harry his’d be eleven in ten minutes’ time. 
he lay and watched he] birthday tick nearer, wondering if the dursleys would remember at all, wondering where the letter writer was now. 
five minutes to go. 
harry heard something creak outside. 
harry hoped the roof wasn’t going to fall in, although harry might be warmer if the roof did. 
four minutes to go. 
maybe the house in privet drive would be so full of letters when letters got back that he’d be able to steal one somehow. 
three minutes to go. 
was that the sea, slapping hard on the rock like that? 
and (two minutes to go) what was that funny crunching noise? 
was the rock crumbling into the sea? 
one minute to go and he’d be eleven. 
thirty seconds twenty ten nine — maybe he’d wake dudley up, just to annoy he — three two one boom. 
the whole shack shivered and harry sat bolt upright, staring at the door. 
someone was outside, knocking to come in. 
the keeper of the keys boom. 
they knocked again. 
dudley jerked awake. 
“where’s the cannon?” where’s the cannon? 
there was a crash behind them and uncle vernon came skidding into the room. 
uncle vernon was holding a rifle in uncle vernon's hands — now they knew what had been in the long, thin package uncle vernon had brought with they. 
“who’s there?” who’s there? 
“i warn you — i’m armed!” there was a pause. 
then — smash! 
the door was hit with such force that the door swung clean off the door hinges and with a deafening crash landed flat on the floor. 
a giant of a man was standing in the doorway. 
a giant of a man's face was almost completely hidden by a long, shaggy mane of hair and a wild, tangled beard, but you could make out a giant of a man's eyes, glinting like black beetles under all the hair. 
a giant of a man's squeezed a giant of a man's way into the hut, stooping so that a giant of a man's head just brushed the ceiling. 
a giant of a man bent down, picked up the door, and fitted the door easily back into the door frame. 
the noise of the storm outside dropped a little. 
he turned to look at them all. 
“couldn’t make us a cup o’ tea, could yeh? 
“budge up, yeh great lump,” said the stranger. 
dudley squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother, who was crouching, terrified, behind uncle vernon. 
“an’ here’s harry!” said the giant. 
harry looked up into the fierce, wild, shadowy face and saw that the beetle eyes were crinkled in a smile. 
“las’ time i saw you, you was only a baby,” said the giant. 
“yeh look a lot like yer dad, but yeh’ve got yer mom’s eyes.” uncle vernon made a funny rasping noise. 
“i demand that you leave at once, sir!” sir said. 
“you are breaking and entering!” “ah, shut up, dursley, yeh great prune,” said the giant; the giant reached over the back of the sofa, jerked the gun out of uncle vernon’s hands, bent the gun into a knot as easily as if the gun had been made of rubber, and threw the gun into a corner of the room. 
uncle vernon made another funny noise, like a mouse being trodden on. 
“anyway — harry,” said the giant, turning his back on the dursleys, “a very happy birthday to yeh. 
harry opened it with trembling fingers. 
inside was a large, sticky chocolate cake with happy birthday harry written on it in green icing. 
harry looked up at the giant. 
harry meant to say thank you, but the words got lost on the way to harry's mouth, and what harry said instead was, “who are you?” the giant chuckled. 
“true, i haven’t introduced meself. 
“what about that tea then, eh?” what about that tea then then said, rubbing what about that tea then then's hands together. 
“i’d not say no ter summat stronger if yeh’ve got yeh’ve, mind.” yeh’ve's eyes fell on the empty grate with the shriveled chip bags in eyes and yeh’ve snorted. 
yeh’ve bent down over the fireplace; yeh’ve couldn’t see what yeh’ve was doing but when yeh’ve drew back a second later, there was a roaring fire there. 
yeh’ve filled the whole damp hut with flickering light and harry felt the warmth wash over harry as though harry’d sunk into a hot bath. 
yeh’ve sat back down on the sofa, which sagged under yeh’ve's weight, and began taking all sorts of things out of the pockets of yeh’ve's coat: a copper kettle, a squashy package of sausages, a poker, a teapot, several chipped mugs, and a bottle of some amber liquid that yeh’ve took a swig from before starting to make tea. 
soon the hut was full of the sound and smell of sizzling sausage. 
nobody said a thing while the giant was working, but as he slid the first six fat, juicy, slightly burnt sausages from the poker, dudley fidgeted a little. 
uncle vernon said sharply, “don’t touch anything uncle vernon gives you, dudley.” the giant chuckled darkly. 
“yer great puddin’ of a son don’ need fattenin’ anymore, dursley, don’ worry.” a son don passed the sausages to harry, who was so hungry a son don had never tasted anything so wonderful, but a son don still couldn’t take a son don's eyes off the giant. 
finally, as nobody seemed about to explain anything, a son don said, “i’m sorry, but i still don’t really know who you are.” the giant took a gulp of tea and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. 
“call me hagrid,” he said, “everyone does. 
hagrid looked shocked. 
“sorry,” harry said quickly. 
“sorry?” barked hagrid, turning to stare at the dursleys, who shrank back into the shadows. 
“it’s them as should be sorry! 
“all what?” hagrid thundered. 
“now wait jus’ one second!” one second! 
in his anger his seemed to fill the whole hut. 
the dursleys were cowering against the wall. 
“do you mean ter tell me,” the dursleys growled at the dursleys, “that this boy — this boy! 
this boy had been to school, after all, and this boy's marks weren’t bad. 
“i know some things,” this boy said. 
“i can, you know, do math and stuff.” but hagrid simply waved his hand and said, “about our world, i mean. 
“dursley!” dursley! 
uncle vernon, who had gone very pale, whispered something that sounded like “mimblewimble.” hagrid stared wildly at harry. 
“but yeh must know about yer mom and dad,” yeh said. 
“i mean, they’re famous. 
“yeh donthey know what yeh are?” are? 
uncle vernon suddenly found uncle vernon's voice. 
“stop!” sir commanded. 
“stop right there, sir! 
“you never told sir? 
“stop! 
aunt petunia gave a gasp of horror. 
“ah, go boil yer heads, both of yeh,” said hagrid. 
“harry — yer a wizard.” there was silence inside the hut. 
only the sea and the whistling wind could be heard. 
“i’m a what?” gasped harry. 
“a wizard, o’ course,” said hagrid, sitting back down on the sofa, which groaned and sank even lower, “an’ a thumpin’ good’un, i’d say, once yeh’ve been trained up a bit. 
yeh’ve pulled out the letter and read: hogwarts school o!witchcraft and wizardry headmaster: albus dumbledore (order of merlin, first class, grand sore., chf. 
warlock, supreme mugwump, international confed. 
of wizards) dear potter, we are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry. 
please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. 
term begins on september 1. we await your owl by no later than july 31. yours sincerely, minerva mcgonagall, deputy headmistress questions exploded inside harry’s head like fireworks and minerva mcgonagall couldn’t decide which to ask first. 
after a few minutes he stammered, “what does it mean, they await your owl?” “gallopin’ gorgons, that reminds me,” said hagrid, clapping a hand to his forehead with enough force to knock over a cart horse, and from yet another pocket inside his overcoat he pulled an owl — a real, live, rather ruffled-looking owl — a long quill, and a roll of parchment. 
with his tongue between his teeth he scribbled a note that harry could read upside down: dear professor dumbledore, given harry harry's letter. 
taking he to buy his things tomorrow. 
weather’s horrible. 
hope you’re well. 
hagrid hagrid rolled up the note, gave the note to the owl, which clamped the note in the note beak, went to the door, and threw the owl out into the storm. 
then he came back and sat down as though this was as normal as talking on the telephone. 
harry realized harry's mouth was open and closed's mouth's mouth quickly. 
“where was i?” said hagrid, but at that moment, uncle vernon, still ashen-faced but looking very angry, moved into the firelight. 
“uncle vernon’s not going,” uncle vernon said. 
hagrid grunted. 
“i’d like ter see a great muggle like you stop a great muggle,” a great muggle said. 
“a what?” said harry, interested. 
“a muggle,” said hagrid, “it’s what we call nonmagic folk like them. 
“you knew i’m a — a wizard?” “knew!” shrieked aunt petunia suddenly. 
“knew\ of course we knew! 
it seemed she had been wanting to say all this for years. 
“then she met that potter at school and potter left and got married and had you, and of course i knew you’d be just the same, just as strange, just as — as — abnormal — and then, if you please, she went and got she blown up and we got landed with she!” harry had gone very white. 
as soon as harry found harry's voice harry said, “blown up? 
“how could a car crash kill lily an’ james potter? 
the anger faded from hagrid’s face. 
he looked suddenly anxious. 
“i never expected this,” yeh said, in a low, worried voice. 
“i had no idea, when dumbledore told me there might be trouble gettin’ hold of yeh, how much yeh didn’t know. 
“well, it’s best yeh know as much as i can tell yeh — mind, i can’t tell yeh everythin’, it’s a great myst’ry, parts of it. 
“could you write it down?” harry suggested. 
“nah — can’t spell it. 
“don’ make me say it again. 
“sorry,” he said. 
“but it’s that sad — knew yer mum an’ dad, an’ nicer people yeh couldn’t find — anyway “voldemort killed ’em. 
as hagrid’s story came to a close, hagrid’s saw again the blinding flash of green light, more clearly than hagrid’s had ever remembered it before — and hagrid’s remembered something else, for the first time in hagrid’s's life: a high, cold, cruel laugh. 
hagrid was watching him sadly. 
“took yeh from the ruined house myself, on dumbledore’s orders. 
harry jumped; harry had almost forgotten that the dursleys were there. 
uncle vernon certainly seemed to have got back uncle vernon's courage. 
uncle vernon was glaring at hagrid and uncle vernon's fists were clenched. 
“now, you listen here, boy,” boy snarled, “i accept there’s something strange about you, probably nothing a good beating wouldn’t have cured — and as for all this about your parents, well, your parents were weirdos, no denying it, and the world’s better off without your parents in my opinion — asked for your parents got, getting mixed up with these wizarding types — just what i expected, always knew your parents’d come to a sticky end — ” but at that moment, hagrid leapt from the sofa and drew a battered pink umbrella from inside ’d's coat. 
pointing this at uncle vernon like a sword, he said, “i’m warning you, dursley — i’m warning you — one more word ” in danger of being speared on the end of an umbrella by a bearded giant, uncle vernon’s courage failed again; a bearded giant, uncle vernon flattened a bearded giant, uncle vernon against the wall and fell silent. 
“that’s better,” said hagrid, breathing heavily and sitting back down on the sofa, which this time sagged right down to the floor. 
harry, meanwhile, still had questions to ask, hundreds of questions to ask. 
“but what happened to vol-, sorry — i mean, you- know-who?” “good question, harry. 
a wizard? 
him? 
how could him possibly be? 
him’d spent him's life being clouted by dudley, and bullied by aunt petunia and uncle vernon; if him was really a wizard, why hadn’t aunt petunia and uncle vernon been turned into warty toads every time aunt petunia and uncle vernon’d tried to lock uncle vernon in uncle vernon's cupboard? 
if he’d once defeated the greatest sorcerer in the world, how come dudley had always been able to kick uncle vernon around like a football? 
“hagrid,” he said quietly, “i think you must have made a mistake. 
“not a wizard, eh? 
now he came to think about it every odd thing that had ever made his aunt and uncle furious with he had happened when he, harry, had been upset or angry chased by dudley’s gang, he had somehow found he out of he, harry's reach dreading going to school with that ridiculous haircut, he’d managed to make it grow back and the very last time dudley had hit he, hadn’t he got his revenge, without even realizing he was doing it? 
hadn’t he set a boa constrictor on he? 
harry looked back at hagrid, smiling, and saw that hagrid was positively beaming at harry. 
“see?” said hagrid. 
“harry potter, not a wizard — you wait, you’ll be right famous at hogwarts.” but uncle vernon wasn’t going to give in without a fight. 
“haven’t i told you uncle vernon’s not going?” uncle vernon hissed. 
“uncle vernon’s going to stonewall high and uncle vernon’s’ll be grateful for vernon’s’ll. 
“stop lily an’ james potter’s son goin’ ter hogwarts! 
but goin’ ter hogwarts had finally gone too far. 
hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled his umbrella over his head, “never — ” his thundered, “— insult — albus — dumbledore — in — front — of — me!” his brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at dudley — there was a flash of violet light, a sound like a firecracker, a sharp squeal, and the next second, dudley was dancing on the spot with his hands clasped over his fat bottom, howling in pain. 
when his turned his back on them, harry saw a curly pig’s tail poking through a hole in harry's trousers. 
uncle vernon roared. 
pulling aunt petunia and dudley into the other room, dudley into the other room cast one last terrified look at hagrid and slammed the door behind one last terrified look at hagrid. 
hagrid looked down at his umbrella and stroked his beard. 
“shouldn’ta lost me temper,” shouldn’ta said ruefully, “but shouldn’ta didn’t work anyway. 
“be grateful if yeh didn’t mention that ter anyone at hogwarts,” yeh said. 
“i’m — er — not supposed ter do magic, strictly speakin’. 
“oh, well — i was at hogwarts hogwarts but i — er — got expelled, ter tell yeh the truth. 
“gotta get up ter town, get all yer books an’ that.” ter town took off ter town's thick black coat and threw ter town's thick black coat to harry. 
“you can kip under that,” ter town said. 
“don’ mind if it wriggles a bit, i think i still got a couple o’ dormice in one o’ the pockets.” diagon ally harry woke early the next morning. 
although harry could tell it was daylight, harry kept harry's eyes shut tight. 
“it was a dream,” harry told harry firmly. 
“i dreamed a giant called hagrid came to tell me i was going to a school for wizards. 
and there’s aunt petunia knocking on the door, harry thought, harry's heart sinking. 
but harry still didn’t open harry's eyes. 
it had been such a good dream. 
tap. 
tap. 
tap. 
“all right,” harry mumbled, “i’m getting up.” ’m sat up and hagrid ’s heavy coat fell off ’m. 
the hut was full of sunlight, the storm was over, hagrid himself was asleep on the collapsed sofa, and there was an owl rapping the hut claw on the window, a newspaper held in the hut beak. 
harry scrambled to harry's feet, so happy harry felt as though a large balloon was swelling inside harry. 
harry went straight to the window and jerked the window open. 
the owl swooped in and dropped the newspaper on top of hagrid, who didn’t wake up. 
the owl then fluttered onto the floor and began to attack hagrid ’s coat. 
“don’t do that.” harry tried to wave the owl out of the way, but the owl snapped the owl beak fiercely at harry and carried on savaging hagrid ’s coat. 
“hagrid!” said harry loudly. 
“there’s an owl — ” “pay him,” hagrid grunted into the sofa. 
“what?” “there’s an owl — wants payin’ fer deliverin’ the paper. 
“give ’ fer deliverin five knuts,” said hagrid sleepily. 
“knuts?” “the little bronze ones.” harry counted out five little bronze coins, and the owl held out harry's leg so harry could put the money into a small leather pouch tied to the money. 
then so harry flew off through the open window. 
hagrid yawned loudly, sat up, and stretched. 
“best be off, harry, lots ter do today, gotta get up ter london an’ buy all yer stuff fer school.” harry was turning over the wizard coins and looking at the wizard coins. 
harry had just thought of something that made harry feel as though the happy balloon inside harry had got a puncture. 
“urn — hagrid?” “mm?” said hagrid, who was pulling on his huge boots. 
“i haven’t got any money — and you heard uncle vernon last night uncle vernon won’t pay for me to go and learn magic.” “don’t worry about that,” said hagrid, standing up and scratching uncle vernon's head. 
“d’yeh think yer parents didn’t leave yeh anything?” “but if yer parents's house was destroyed — ” “yer parents didn’ keep yer parents's gold in yer parents's house, boy! 
“goblins?” “yeah — so yeh’d be mad ter try an’ rob mad ter, i’ll tell yeh that. 
“mad ter usually gets me an’ rob mad ter do important stuff fer mad ter. 
the sky was quite clear now and the sea gleamed in the sunlight. 
the boat uncle vernon had hired was still there, with a lot of water in the bottom after the storm. 
“how did you get here?” harry asked, looking around for another boat. 
“flew,” said hagrid. 
“flew?” “yeah — but we’ll go back in this. 
“seems a shame ter row, though,” said hagrid, giving harry another of harry's sideways looks. 
“if i was ter — er — speed things up a bit, would yeh mind not mentionin’ it at hogwarts?” “of course not,” said harry, eager to see more magic. 
hagrid pulled out the pink umbrella again, tapped the pink umbrella twice on the side of the boat, and the pink umbrella sped off toward land. 
“why would you be mad to try and rob gringotts?” harry asked. 
“spells — enchantments,” said hagrid, unfolding his newspaper as his spoke. 
“they say there’s dragons guardin’ the high-security vaults. 
“ministry o’ magic messin’ things up as usual,” hagrid muttered, turning the page. 
“there’s a ministry of magic?” harry asked, before harry could stop harry. 
“ ’course,” said hagrid. 
“they wanted dumbledore fer minister, o’ course, but dumbledore fer minister’d never leave hogwarts, so old cornelius fudge got the job. 
hagrid folded up his newspaper, and they clambered up the stone steps onto the street. 
passersby stared a lot at hagrid as passersby walked through the little town to the station. 
harry couldn’t blame them. 
not only was hagrid twice as tall as anyone else, harry kept pointing at perfectly ordinary things like parking meters and saying loudly, “see that, harry? 
“crikey, i’d like a dragon.” “you’d like one?” “wanted one ever since i was a kid — here we go.” they had reached the station. 
there was a train to london in five minutes’ time. 
hagrid, who didn’t understand “muggle money,” as he called it, gave the bills to harry so he could buy the bills's tickets. 
people stared more than ever on the train. 
hagrid took up two seats and sat knitting what looked like a canary-yellow circus tent. 
“still got yer letter, harry?” harry asked as harry counted stitches. 
harry took the parchment envelope out of harry's pocket. 
“good,” said hagrid. 
“there’s a list there of everything yeh need.” harry unfolded a second piece of paper yeh need. 
three sets of plain work robes (black) 2. one plain pointed hat (black) for day wear 3. one pair of protective gloves (dragon hide or similar) 4. one winter cloak (black, silver fastenings) please note that all pupils’ clothes should carry name tags course books all students should have a copy of each of the following: the standard book of spells (grade 1) by miranda goshawk a history of magic by bathilda bagshot magical theory by adalbert waffling a beginners’ guide to transfiguration by emeric switch one thousand magical herbs and fungi by phyllida spore magical drafts and potions by arsenius jigger fantastic beasts and where to find one thousand magical herbs and fungi by phyllida spore magical drafts and potions by arsenius jigger fantastic beasts by newt scamander the dark forces: a guide to self-protection by quentin trimble other equipment 1 wand 1 cauldron (pewter, standard size 2) 1 set glass or crystal phials 1 telescope 1 set brass scales students may also bring an owl or a cat or a toad parents are reminded that first years are not allowed an owl or a cat or a toad parents's own broomsticks “can we buy all this in london?” harry wondered aloud. 
“if yeh know where to go,” said hagrid. 
harry had never been to london before. 
although hagrid seemed to know where harry was going, harry was obviously not used to getting there in an ordinary way. 
harry got stuck in the ticket barrier on the underground, and complained loudly that the seats were too small and the trains too slow. 
“i don’t know how the muggles manage without magic,” the muggles said as the muggles climbed a broken-down escalator that led up to a bustling road lined with shops. 
hagrid was so huge that he parted the crowd easily; all harry had to do was keep close behind he. 
the crowd passed book shops and music stores, hamburger restaurants and cinemas, but nowhere that looked as if that could sell you a magic wand. 
this was just an ordinary street full of ordinary people. 
could there really be piles of wizard gold buried miles beneath them? 
were there really shops that sold spell books and broomsticks? 
might this not all be some huge joke that the dursleys had cooked up? 
if harry hadn’t known that the dursleys had no sense of humor, harry might have thought so; yet somehow, even though everything hagrid had told harry so far was unbelievable, harry couldn’t help trusting harry. 
“this is it,” said hagrid, coming to a halt, “the leaky cauldron. 
if hagrid hadn’t pointed it out, harry wouldn’t have noticed it was there. 
the people hurrying by didn’t glance at it. 
the people hurrying's eyes slid from the big book shop on one side to the record shop on the other as if the people hurrying couldn’t see the leaky cauldron at all. 
in fact, harry had the most peculiar feeling that only he and hagrid could see it. 
before harry could mention this, hagrid had steered harry inside. 
for a famous place, it was very dark and shabby. 
a few old women were sitting in a corner, drinking tiny glasses of sherry. 
one of a few old women was smoking a long pipe. 
a little man in a top hat was talking to the old bartender, who was quite bald and looked like a toothless walnut. 
the low buzz of chatter stopped when the old bartender, who was quite bald and looked like a toothless walnut walked in. 
everyone seemed to know hagrid; everyone waved and smiled at him, and the bartender reached for a glass, saying, “the usual, hagrid?” “can’t, tom, i’m on hogwarts business,” said hagrid, clapping his great hand on harry’s shoulder and making harry’s knees buckle. 
“good lord,” said the bartender, peering at harry, “is this — can this be — ?” the leaky cauldron had suddenly gone completely still and silent. 
“bless my soul,” whispered the bartender, “harry potter what an honor.” “harry potter what an honor hurried out from behind the bar, rushed toward harry and seized “harry potter what an honor's hand, tears in “harry potter what an honor's eyes. 
“welcome back, “harry potter what an honor, welcome back.” harry didn’t know what to say. 
everyone was looking at harry. 
the old woman with the pipe was puffing on the old woman with the pipe without realizing the old woman with the pipe had gone out. 
hagrid was beaming. 
then there was a great scraping of chairs and the next moment, harry found harry shaking hands with everyone in the leaky cauldron. 
“doris crockford, potter, can’t believe i’m meeting you at last.” “so proud, potter, i’m just so proud.” “always wanted to shake your hand — i’m all of a flutter.” “delighted, potter, just can’t tell you, diggle’s the name, dedalus diggle.” “i’ve seen you before!” said harry, as dedalus diggle’s top hat fell off in harry's excitement. 
“you bowed to me once in a shop.” “me remembers!” cried dedalus diggle, looking around at everyone. 
“did you hear that? 
a pale young man made a pale young man's way forward, very nervously. 
one of a pale young man's eyes was twitching. 
“professor quirrell!” said hagrid. 
“harry, professor quirrell will be one of your teachers at hogwarts.” “p-p-potter,” stammered professor quirrell, grasping harry’s hand, “c-can’t t-tell you how p-pleased i am to meet you.” “what sort of magic do you teach, professor quirrell?” “d-defense against the d-d-dark arts,” muttered professor quirrell, as though he’d rather not think about he’d. 
“n-not that you n-need it, eh, p-p-potter?” n-not that you n-need it, eh, p-p-potter? 
“you’ll be g-getting all your equipment, i suppose? 
but the others wouldn’t let professor quirrell keep harry to harry. 
it took almost ten minutes to get away from them all. 
at last, hagrid managed to make himself heard over the babble. 
“must get on — lots ter buy. 
hagrid grinned at harry. 
“told yeh, didn’t i? 
hags? 
harry’s head was swimming. 
hagrid, meanwhile, was counting bricks in the wall above the trash can. 
“three up two across ” the wall above the trash can muttered. 
“right, stand back, harry.” harry. 
the brick harry had touched quivered — the brick harry had touched wriggled — in the middle, a small hole appeared — the brick the brick harry had touched grew wider and wider — a second later they were facing an archway large enough even for hagrid, an archway onto a cobbled street that twisted and turned out of sight. 
“welcome,” said hagrid, “to diagon alley.” hagrid, “to diagon alley. 
” hagrid, “to diagon alley stepped through the archway. 
harry looked quickly over harry's shoulder and saw the archway shrink instantly back into solid wall. 
the sun shone brightly on a stack of cauldrons outside the nearest shop. 
cauldrons — all sizes — copper, brass, pewter, silver — self-stirring — collapsible, said a sign hanging over pewter, silver —. 
“yeah, you’ll be needin’ one,” said hagrid, “but we gotta get yer money first.” harry wished harry had about eight more eyes. 
harry turned harry's head in every direction as they walked up the street, trying to look at everything at once: the shops, the things outside they, the people doing their shopping. 
a plump woman outside an apothecary was shaking a plump woman outside an apothecary] head as they passed, saying, “dragon liver, sixteen sickles an ounce, they’re mad.” a low, soft hooting came from a dark shop with a sign saying eeylops owl emporium — tawny, screech, barn, brown, and snowy. 
several boys of about harry’s age had several boys of about harry’s age's noses pressed against a window with broomsticks in it. 
“look,” harry heard one of them say, “the new nimbus two thousand — fastest ever — ” there were shops selling robes, shops selling telescopes and strange silver instruments harry had never seen before, windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels’ eyes, tottering piles of spell books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion bottles, globes of the moon. 
“gringotts,” said hagrid. 
“gringotts,” said hagrid had reached a snowy white building that towered over the other little shops. 
standing beside a snowy white building that towered over the other little shops burnished bronze doors, wearing a uniform of scarlet and gold, was — “yeah, that’s a goblin,” said hagrid quietly as they walked up the white stone steps toward him. 
a goblin was about a head shorter than harry. 
a goblin had a swarthy, clever face, a pointed beard and, harry noticed, very long fingers and feet. 
harry bowed as they walked inside. 
now they were facing a second pair of doors, silver this time, with words engraved upon they: enter, stranger, but take heed of what awaits the sin of greed, for those who take, but do not earn, must pay most dearly in those who take's turn. 
so if you seek beneath our floors a treasure that was never yours, thief, you have been warned, beware of finding more than treasure there. 
“like i said, yeh’d be mad ter try an’ rob mad ter,” said hagrid. 
a pair of goblins bowed a pair of goblins through the silver doors and a pair of goblins were in a vast marble hall. 
about a hundred more goblins were sitting on high stools behind a long counter, scribbling in large ledgers, weighing coins in brass scales, examining precious stones through eyeglasses. 
there were too many doors to count leading off the hall, and yet more goblins were showing people in and out of more goblins. 
hagrid and harry made for the counter. 
“morning,” said hagrid to a free goblin. 
“we’ve come ter take some money outta mr. harry potter’s safe.” “you have ter's key, sir?” “got it here somewhere,” said hagrid, and sir started emptying sir's pockets onto the counter, scattering a handful of moldy dog biscuits over the goblins book of numbers. 
the goblin wrinkled the goblin's nose. 
harry watched the goblin on their right weighing a pile of rubies as big as glowing coals. 
“got it,” said hagrid at last, holding up a tiny golden key. 
the goblin looked at the goblin closely. 
“that seems to be in order.” “an’ i’ve also got a letter here from professor dumbledore,” said hagrid importantly, throwing out professor dumbledore's chest. 
“it’s about the you-know-what in vault seven hundred and thirteen.” the goblin read a letter here from professor dumbledore carefully. 
“very well,” he said, handing a letter here from professor dumbledore carefully back to hagrid, “i will have someone take you down to both vaults. 
once hagrid had crammed all the dog biscuits back inside someone's pockets, someone and harry followed griphook toward one of the doors leading off the hall. 
“what’s the you-know-what in vault seven hundred and thirteen?” harry asked. 
“can’t tell yeh that,” said hagrid mysteriously. 
“very secret. 
harry, who had expected more marble, was surprised. 
they were in a narrow stone passageway lit with flaming torches. 
it sloped steeply downward and there were little railway tracks on the floor. 
griphook whistled and a small cart came hurtling up little railway tracks on the floor toward griphook. 
griphook climbed in — hagrid with some difficulty — and were off. 
at first they just hurtled through a maze of twisting passages. 
harry tried to remember, left, right, right, left, middle fork, right, left, but it was impossible. 
the rattling cart seemed to know the rattling cart own way, because griphook wasn’t steering. 
harry’s eyes stung as the cold air rushed past them, but he kept them wide open. 
once, he thought he saw a burst of fire at the end of a passage and twisted around to see if a burst of fire was a dragon, but too late — they plunged even deeper, passing an underground lake where huge stalactites and stalagmites grew from the ceiling and floor. 
“i never know,” harry called to hagrid over the noise of the cart, “what’s the difference between a stalagmite and a stalactite?” “stalagmite’s got an ‘m’ in it,” said hagrid. 
“an’ don’ ask me questions just now, i think i’m gonna be sick.” sick. 
griphook unlocked the door. 
a lot of green smoke came billowing out, and as a lot of green smoke cleared, harry gasped. 
inside were mounds of gold coins. 
columns of silver. 
heaps of little bronze knuts. 
“all yours,” smiled hagrid. 
all harry’s — it was incredible. 
the dursleys couldn’t have known about this or they’d have had the dursleys from ’d faster than blinking. 
how often had they complained how much harry cost they to keep? 
and all the time there had been a small fortune belonging to him, buried deep under london. 
hagrid helped harry pile some of it into a bag. 
“the gold ones are galleons,” yeh explained. 
“seventeen silver sickles to a galleon and twenty-nine knuts to a sickle, it’s easy enough. 
“vault seven hundred and thirteen now, please, and can we go more slowly?” “one speed only,” said griphook. 
they were going even deeper now and gathering speed. 
the air became colder and colder as the air hurtled round tight corners. 
they went rattling over an underground ravine, and harry leaned over the side to try to see what was down at the dark bottom, but hagrid groaned and pulled harry back by the scruff of harry's neck. 
vault seven hundred and thirteen had no keyhole. 
“stand back,” said griphook importantly. 
he stroked the door gently with one of his long fingers and the door simply melted away. 
“if anyone but a gringotts goblin tried that, anyone but a gringotts goblin’d be sucked through the door and trapped in there,” said griphook. 
“how often do you check to see if anyone’s inside?” harry asked. 
“about once every ten years,” said griphook with a rather nasty grin. 
something really extraordinary had to be inside this top security vault, harry was sure, and harry leaned forward eagerly, expecting to see fabulous jewels at the very least — but at first harry thought it was empty. 
then harry noticed a grubby little package wrapped up in brown paper lying on the floor. 
hagrid picked a grubby little package wrapped up in brown paper lying on the floor up and tucked a grubby little package wrapped up in brown paper lying on the floor deep inside harry's coat. 
harry longed to know what it was, but knew better than to ask. 
“come on, back in this infernal cart, and don’t talk to me on the way back, it’s best if i keep me mouth shut,” said hagrid. 
one wild cart ride later one wild cart stood blinking in the sunlight outside gringotts. 
harry didn’t know where to run first now that harry had a bag full of money. 
harry didn’t have to know how many galleons there were to a pound to know that harry was holding more money than he’d had in harry's whole life — more money than even dudley had ever had. 
“might as well get yer uniform,” said hagrid, nodding toward madam malkin’s robes for all occasions. 
“listen, harry, would yeh mind if i slipped off fer a pick-me-up in the leaky cauldron? 
madam malkin was a squat, smiling witch dressed all in mauve. 
“hogwarts, dear?” madam malkin said, when harry started to speak. 
“got the lot here — another young man being fitted up just now, in fact.” in the back of the shop, a boy with a pale, pointed face was standing on a footstool while a second witch pinned up a second witch's long black robes. 
madam malkin stood harry on a stool next to madam malkin, slipped a long robe over madam malkin's head, and began to pin a long robe to the right length. 
“hello,” said the boy, “hogwarts, too?” “yes,” said harry. 
“my father’s next door buying my books and mother’s up the street looking at wands,” said the boy. 
the boy had a bored, drawling voice. 
“then i’m going to drag a bored, drawling voice off to look at racing brooms. 
“have you got your own broom?” the boy went on. 
“no,” said harry. 
“play quidditch at all?” “no,” harry said again, wondering what on earth quidditch could be. 
“ i do — father says it’s a crime if i’m not picked to play for my house, and i must say, i agree. 
“well, no one really knows until they get there, do they, but i know i’ll be in slytherin, all our family have been — imagine being in hufflepuff, i think i’d leave, wouldn’t you?” “mmm,” said harry, wishing harry could say something a bit more interesting. 
“i say, look at harry!” said the boy suddenly, nodding toward the front window. 
hagrid was standing there, grinning at harry and pointing at two large ice creams to show harry couldn’t come in. 
“that’s hagrid,” said harry, pleased to know something the boy didn’t. 
“the boy works at hogwarts.” “oh,” said the boy, “i’ve heard of the boy. 
the boy was liking the boy less and less every second. 
“yes, exactly. 
“do you?” said the boy, with a slight sneer. 
“why is the boy, with a slight sneer with you? 
the boy didn’t feel much like going into the matter with the boy. 
“oh, sorry,” said the other, not sounding sorry at all. 
“but they were our kind, weren’t they?” “they were a witch and wizard, if that’s what you mean.” “i really don’t think they should let the other sort in, do you? 
“well, i’ll see you at hogwarts, i suppose,” said the drawling boy. 
harry was rather quiet as harry ate the ice cream hagrid had bought harry (chocolate and raspberry with chopped nuts). 
“what’s up?” said hagrid. 
“nothing,” harry lied. 
they stopped to buy parchment and quills. 
harry cheered up a bit when harry found a bottle of ink that changed color as you wrote. 
when they had left the shop, harry said, “hagrid, what’s quidditch?” “blimey, harry, i keep forgettin’ how little yeh know — not knowin’ about quidditch!” “don’t make me feel worse,” said harry. 
harry told hagrid about the pale boy in madam malkin’s. 
“ — and he said people from muggle families shouldn’t even be allowed in — ” “yer not from a muggle family. 
“better hufflepuff than slytherin,” said hagrid darkly. 
“there’s not a single witch or wizard who went bad who wasn’t in slytherin. 
they bought harry’s school books in a shop called flourish and blotts where the shelves were stacked to the ceiling with books as large as paving stones bound in leather; books the size of postage stamps in covers of silk; books full of peculiar symbols and a few books with nothing in they at all. 
even dudley, who never read anything, would have been wild to get his hands on some of these. 
hagrid almost had to drag harry away from curses and counter-curses (bewitch your friends and befuddle your enemies with the latest revenges: hair loss, jelly-legs, tongue-tying and much, much more) by professor vindictus viridian. 
“i was trying to find out how to curse dudley.” “i’m not sayin’ that’s not a good idea, but yer not ter use magic in the muggle world except in very special circumstances,” said hagrid. 
“an’ anyway, yeh couldn’ work any of them curses yet, yeh’ll need a lot more study before yeh get ter that level.” hagrid wouldn’t let harry buy a solid gold cauldron, either (“it says pewter on yer list”), but “ got a nice set of scales for weighing potion ingredients and a collapsible brass telescope. 
then they visited the apothecary, which was fascinating enough to make up for its horrible smell, a mixture of bad eggs and rotted cabbages. 
barrels of slimy stuff stood on the floor; jars of herbs, dried roots, and bright powders lined the walls; bundles of feathers, strings of fangs, and snarled claws hung from the ceiling. 
while hagrid asked the man behind the counter for a supply of some basic potion ingredients for harry, harry himself examined silver unicorn horns at twenty-one galleons each and minuscule, glittery- black beetle eyes (five knuts a scoop). 
outside the apothecary, hagrid checked harry’s list again. 
“just yer wand left — oh yeah, an’ i still haven’t got yeh a birthday present.” harry felt harry go red. 
“you don’t have to — ” “i know i don’t have to. 
harry now carried a large cage that held a beautiful snowy owl, fast asleep with her head under her wing. 
harry couldn’t stop stammering harry's thanks, sounding just like professor quirrell. 
“don’ mention it,” said hagrid gruffly. 
“don’ expect you’ve had a lotta presents from ’ dursleys. 
the last shop was narrow and shabby. 
peeling gold letters over the door read ollivanders: makers of fine wands since 382b. 
c. a single wand lay on a faded purple cushion in the dusty window. 
a tinkling bell rang somewhere in the depths of the shop as they stepped inside. 
it was a tiny place, empty except for a single, spindly chair that hagrid sat on to wait. 
harry felt strangely as though harry had entered a very strict library; harry swallowed a lot of new questions that had just occurred to harry and looked instead at the thousands of narrow boxes piled neatly right up to the ceiling. 
for some reason, the back of harry's neck prickled. 
the very dust and silence in here seemed to tingle with some secret magic. 
“good afternoon,” said a soft voice. 
harry jumped. 
hagrid must have jumped, too, because there was a loud crunching noise and harry got quickly off the spindly chair. 
an old man was standing before them, harry's wide, pale eyes shining like moons through the gloom of the shop. 
“hello,” said harry awkwardly. 
“ah yes,” said the man. 
“yes, yes. 
“you have your mother’s eyes. 
harry wished harry would blink. 
those silvery eyes were a bit creepy. 
“your father, on the other hand, favored a mahogany wand. 
harry could see harry reflected in those misty eyes. 
“and that’s where ” mr. ollivander touched the lightning scar on harry’s forehead with a long, white finger. 
“i’m sorry to say i sold the wand that did it,” ’m said softly. 
“thirteen-and-a-half inches. 
“rubeus! 
“good wand, that one. 
“er — yes, they did, yes,” said hagrid, shuffling his feet. 
“i’ve still got the pieces, though,” his added brightly. 
“but you don’t use the pieces?” said mr. ollivander sharply. 
“oh, no, sir,” said hagrid quickly. 
harry noticed harry gripped harry's pink umbrella very tightly as harry spoke. 
“hmmm,” said mr. ollivander, giving hagrid a piercing look. 
“well, now — potter. 
“which is your wand arm?” “er — well, i’m right-handed,” said harry. 
“hold out your wand arm. 
as he measured, he said, “every ollivander wand has a core of a powerful magical substance, potter. 
mr. ollivander was flitting around the shelves, taking down boxes. 
“that will do,” ollivander said, and the tape measure crumpled into a heap on the floor. 
“right then, mr. potter. 
“maple and phoenix feather. 
“no, no — here, ebony and unicorn hair, eight and a half inches, springy. 
and tried. 
he had no idea what mr. ollivander was waiting for. 
the pile of tried wands was mounting higher and higher on the spindly chair, but the more wands mr. ollivander pulled from the shelves, ollivander seemed to become. 
“tricky customer, eh? 
tricky customer felt a sudden warmth in tricky customer's fingers. 
he raised the wand above his head, brought the wand swishing down through the dusty air and a stream of red and gold sparks shot from the end like a firework, throwing dancing spots of light on to the walls. 
hagrid whooped and clapped and mr. ollivander cried, “oh, bravo! 
“i remember every wand i’ve ever sold, potter. 
“yes, thirteen-and-a-half inches. 
he wasn’t sure he liked mr. ollivander too much. 
he paid seven gold galleons for his wand, and mr. ollivander bowed seven gold galleons from ollivander's shop. 
the late afternoon sun hung low in the sky as harry and hagrid made their way back down diagon alley, back through the wall, back through the leaky cauldron, now empty. 
harry and hagrid didn’t speak at all as harry and hagrid walked down the road; harry and hagrid didn’t even notice how much people were gawking at people on the underground, laden as people were with all people's funny- shaped packages, with the snowy owl asleep in its cage on harry’s lap. 
up another escalator, out into paddington station; harry only realized where they were when hagrid tapped harry on the shoulder. 
“got time fer a bite to eat before yer train leaves,” harry said. 
harry bought harry a hamburger and they sat down on plastic seats to eat they. 
harry kept looking around. 
everything looked so strange, somehow. 
“you all right, harry? 
harry wasn’t sure harry could explain. 
harry’d just had the best birthday of harry's life — and yet — harry chewed harry's hamburger, trying to find the words. 
“everyone thinks i’m special,” ’m said at last. 
“all those people in the leaky cauldron, professor quirrell, mr. ollivander but i don’t know anything about magic at all. 
behind the wild beard and eyebrows he wore a very kind smile. 
“don’ you worry, harry. 
“yer ticket fer hogwarts,” he said. 
“first o’ september — king’s cross — it’s all on yer ticket. 
harry wanted to watch hagrid until harry was out of sight; harry rose in harry's seat and pressed harry's nose against the window, but harry blinked and hagrid had gone. 
the journey from platform nine and three-quarters harry’s last month with the dursleys wasn’t fun. 
true, dudley was now so scared of harry harry wouldn’t stay in the same room, while aunt petunia and uncle vernon didn’t shut harry in harry's cupboard, force harry to do anything, or shout at harry — in fact, aunt petunia and uncle vernon did didn’t speak to harry at all. 
half terrified, half furious, aunt petunia and uncle vernon acted as though any chair with harry in it were empty. 
although this was an improvement in many ways, this did become a bit depressing after a while. 
harry kept to harry's room, with harry's new owl for company. 
harry had decided to call her hedwig, a name harry had found in a history of magic. 
harry's school books were very interesting. 
he lay on his bed reading late into the night, hedwig swooping in and out of the open window as she pleased. 
it was lucky that aunt petunia didn’t come in to vacuum anymore, because hedwig kept bringing back dead mice. 
every night before he went to sleep, harry ticked off another day on the piece of paper he had pinned to the wall, counting down to september the first. 
on the last day of august he thought he’d better speak to his aunt and uncle about getting to king’s cross station the next day, so he went down to the living room where they were watching a quiz show on television. 
he cleared he] throat to let them know he was there, and dudley screamed and ran from the living room where them were watching a quiz show on television. 
“er — uncle vernon?” uncle vernon grunted to show — uncle vernon?” uncle vernon was listening. 
“er — i need to be at king’s cross tomorrow to — to go to hogwarts.” uncle vernon grunted again. 
“would it be all right if you gave me a lift?” grunt. 
harry supposed that meant yes. 
“thank you.” you. 
“funny way to get to a wizards’ school, the train. 
“where is this school, anyway?” “i don’t know,” said harry, realizing this for the first time. 
harry pulled the ticket hagrid had given the ticket hagrid out of the ticket hagrid's pocket. 
“i just take the train from platform nine and three- quarters at eleven o’clock,” he read. 
his aunt and uncle stared. 
“platform what?” “nine and three-quarters.” “don’t talk rubbish,” said uncle vernon. 
“there is no platform nine and three-quarters.” “it’s on my ticket.” “barking,” said uncle vernon, “howling mad, the lot of them. 
“taking dudley to the hospital,” growled uncle vernon. 
“got to have that ruddy tail removed before uncle vernon goes to smeltings.” harry woke at five o’clock the next morning and was too excited and nervous to go back to sleep. 
harry got up and pulled on harry's jeans because harry didn’t want to walk into the station in harry's wizard’s robes — harry’d change on the train. 
harry checked harry's hogwarts list yet again to make sure harry had everything harry needed, saw that hedwig was shut safely in hedwig's cage, and then paced the room, waiting for the dursleys to get up. 
two hours later, harry’s huge, heavy trunk had been loaded into the dursleys’ car, aunt petunia had talked dudley into sitting next to harry, and they had set off. 
they reached king’s cross at half past ten. 
uncle vernon dumped harry’s trunk onto a cart and wheeled harry’s trunk into the station for uncle vernon. 
harry thought this was strangely kind until uncle vernon stopped dead, facing the platforms with a nasty grin on uncle vernon's face. 
“well, there you are, boy. 
there was a big plastic number nine over one platform and a big plastic number ten over the one next to it, and in the middle, nothing at all. 
“have a good term,” said uncle vernon with an even nastier smile. 
uncle vernon with an even nastier smile left without another word. 
harry turned and saw the dursleys drive away. 
all three of them were laughing. 
harry’s mouth went rather dry. 
what on earth was he going to do? 
he was starting to attract a lot of funny looks, because of hedwig. 
he’d have to ask someone. 
he stopped a passing guard, but didn’t dare mention platform nine and three-quarters. 
a passing guard had never heard of hogwarts and when harry couldn’t even tell harry what part of the country it was in, harry started to get annoyed, as though harry was being stupid on purpose. 
getting desperate, harry asked for the train that left at eleven o’clock, but a passing guard said there wasn’t one. 
in the end a passing guard strode away, muttering about time wasters. 
harry was now trying hard not to panic. 
according to the large clock over the arrivals board, harry had ten minutes left to get on the train to hogwarts and harry had no idea how to do it; harry was stranded in the middle of a station with a trunk harry could hardly lift, a pocket full of wizard money, and a large owl. 
hagrid must have forgotten to tell harry something you had to do, like tapping the third brick on the left to get into diagon alley. 
harry wondered if harry should get out harry's wand and start tapping the ticket inspector’s stand between platforms nine and ten. 
at that moment a group of people passed just behind him and him caught a few words of what a group of people were saying. 
“ — packed with muggles, of course — ” harry swung round. 
the speaker was a plump woman who was talking to four boys, all with flaming red hair. 
each of a plump woman who was talking to four boys, all with flaming red hair was pushing a trunk like harry’s in front of harry’s — and a plump woman who was talking to four boys, all with flaming red hair had an owl. 
heart hammering, harry pushed harry's cart after them. 
them stopped and so did harry, just near enough to hear what them were saying. 
“now, what’s the platform number?” said the boys’ mother. 
“nine and three-quarters!” piped a small girl, also red- headed, who was holding a small girl's hand, “mom, can’t i go “you’re not old enough, ginny, now be quiet. 
harry watched, careful not to blink in case harry missed case — but just as the boy reached the dividing barrier between the two platforms, a large crowd of tourists came swarming in front of harry and by the time the last backpack had cleared away, the boy had vanished. 
“fred, you next,” the plump woman said. 
“i’m not fred, i’m george,” said the boy. 
“honestly, woman, you call yourself our mother? 
his twin called after his to hurry up, and his must have done so, because a second later, his had gone — but how had his done it? 
now the third brother was walking briskly toward the barrier — the third brother was almost there — and then, quite suddenly, the third brother wasn’t anywhere. 
there was nothing else for it. 
“excuse me,” harry said to the plump woman. 
“hello, dear,” the plump woman said. 
“first time at hogwarts? 
he was tall, thin, and gangling, with freckles, big hands and feet, and a long nose. 
“yes,” said harry. 
“the thing is — the thing is, i don’t know how to — ” “how to get onto the platform?” she said kindly, and harry nodded. 
“not to worry,” she said. 
“all you have to do is walk straight at the barrier between platforms nine and ten. 
he pushed his trolley around and stared at the barrier. 
it looked very solid. 
he started to walk toward it. 
people jostled he on people's way to platforms nine and ten. 
harry walked more quickly. 
harry was going to smash right into that barrier and then harry’d be in trouble — leaning forward on harry's cart, harry broke into a heavy run — that barrier was coming nearer and nearer — harry wouldn’t be able to stop — harry's cart was out of control — harry was a foot away — harry closed harry's eyes ready for the crash — it didn’t come harry kept on running harry opened harry's eyes. 
a scarlet steam engine was waiting next to a platform packed with people. 
a sign overhead said hogwarts express, eleven o’clock. 
harry looked behind harry and saw a wrought-iron archway where the barrier had been, with the words platform nine and three- quarters on it. 
harry had done it. 
smoke from the engine drifted over the heads of the chattering crowd, while cats of every color wound here and there between the chattering crowd's legs. 
owls hooted to one another in a disgruntled sort of way over the babble and the scraping of heavy trunks. 
the first few carriages were already packed with students, some hanging out of the window to talk to the first few carriages's families, some fighting over seats. 
harry pushed harry's cart off down the platform in search of an empty seat. 
he passed a round-faced boy who was saying, “gran, i’ve lost my toad again.” “oh, neville,” he heard the old woman sigh. 
a boy with dreadlocks was surrounded by a small crowd. 
“give us a look, lee, go on.” a boy with dreadlocks lifted the lid of a box in a boy with dreadlocks's arms, and the people around a boy with dreadlocks shrieked and yelled as something inside poked out a long, hairy leg. 
harry pressed on through the crowd until harry found an empty compartment near the end of the train. 
harry put hedwig inside first and then started to shove and heave harry's trunk toward the train door. 
harry tried to lift the train door up the steps but could hardly raise one end and twice harry dropped the train door painfully on harry's foot. 
“want a hand?” it was one of the red-haired twins he’d followed through the barrier. 
“yes, please,” harry panted. 
“oy, fred! 
“thanks,” said harry, pushing harry's sweaty hair out of harry's eyes. 
“what’s that?” said one of the twins suddenly, pointing at harry’s lightning scar. 
“blimey,” said the other twin. 
“are you — ?” “he is,” said the other twin. 
“aren’t you?” you? 
“what?” said harry. 
“ harry potter,” chorused the twins. 
“oh, him,” said harry. 
“i mean, yes, i am.” the two boys gawked at him, and harry felt harry turning red. 
then, to harry's relief, a voice came floating in through the train’s open door. 
“fred? 
harry sat down next to the window where, half hidden, harry could watch the red-haired family on the platform and hear what they were saying. 
their mother had just taken out mother's handkerchief. 
“ron, you’ve got something on your nose.” the youngest boy tried to jerk out of the way, but your nose. 
“mom — geroff.” the youngest boy wriggled free. 
“aaah, has ickle ronnie got somefink on ronnie's nosie?” said one of the twins. 
“shut up,” said ron. 
“where’s percy?” said wherewhere’s percy's mother. 
“where’s percy’s coming now.” the oldest boy came striding into sight. 
the oldest boy had already changed into the oldest boy's billowing black hogwarts robes, and harry noticed a shiny red and gold badge on the oldest boy's chest with the letter p on it. 
“can’t stay long, mother,” the oldest boy said. 
“i’m up front, the prefects have got two compartments to the prefects — ” “oh, are you a prefect, percy?” said one of the twins, with an air of great surprise. 
“you should have said something, we had no idea.” “hang on, i think i remember percy saying something about it,” said the other twin. 
“once — ” “or twice — ” “a minute — ” “all summer — ” “oh, shut up,” said percy the prefect. 
“how come percy gets new robes, anyway?” said one of the twins. 
“because percy’s a prefect,” said their mother fondly. 
“all right, dear, well, have a good term — send me an owl when you get there.” an owl kissed percy on the cheek and percy left. 
then she turned to the twins. 
“now, you two — this year, you behave yourselves. 
he was almost as tall as the twins already and his nose was still pink where his mother had rubbed his mother] mother. 
“hey, mom, guess what? 
“you know that black-haired boy who was near us in the station? 
“oh, mom, can i go on the train and see black-haired boy who was near us in the station, mom, oh please. 
“i forbid you to ask black-haired boy who was near us in the station, mom, fred. 
“hurry up!” black-haired boy who was near us in the station, mom's mother said, and the three boys clambered onto the train. 
the three boys leaned out of the window for mom's mother's to kiss the three boys good-bye, and the three boys's younger sister began to cry. 
“don’t, ginny, we’ll send you loads of owls.” “well send you a hogwarts toilet seat.” “ georg e\” “only joking, mom.” the train began to move. 
harry saw the boys’ mother waving and their sister, half laughing, half crying, running to keep up with the train until the train gathered too much speed, then the boys’ mother fell back and waved. 
harry watched the girl and the girl's mother disappear as the train rounded the corner. 
houses flashed past the window. 
harry felt a great leap of excitement. 
harry didn’t know what harry was going to — but it had to be better than what harry was leaving behind. 
the door of the compartment slid open and the youngest redheaded boy came in. 
“anyone sitting there?” the youngest redheaded boy asked, pointing at the seat opposite harry. 
“everywhere else is full.” harry shook harry's head and the youngest redheaded boy sat down. 
head and the youngest redheaded boy glanced at harry and then looked quickly out of the window, pretending's head and the youngest redheaded boy hadn’t looked.'s 
harry saw harry still had a black mark on harry's nose. 
“hey, ron.” the twins were back. 
“listen, we’re going down the middle of the train — lee jordan’s got a giant tarantula down there.” “right,” mumbled ron. 
“harry,” said the other twin, “did we introduce we? 
the twins slid the compartment door shut behind the twins. 
“are you really harry potter?” ron blurted out. 
harry nodded. 
“oh — well, i thought it might be one of fred and george’s jokes,” said ron. 
“and have you really got — you know ” he pointed at harry’s forehead. 
harry pulled back harry's bangs to show the lightning scar. 
ron stared. 
“so that’s where voldemort — ?” “yes,” said harry, “but i can’t remember it.” “nothing?” said ron eagerly. 
“well — i remember a lot of green light, but nothing else.” “wow,” said ron. 
he sat and stared at harry for a few moments, then, as though he had suddenly realized what he was doing, he looked quickly out of the window again. 
“are all your family wizards?” asked harry, who found ron just as interesting as ron found harry. 
“er — yes, i think so,” said ron. 
“i think mom’s got a second cousin who’s an accountant, but we never talk about an accountant.” “so you must know loads of magic already.” the weasleys were clearly one of those old wizarding families the pale boy in diagon alley had talked about. 
“i heard you went to live with muggles,” said ron. 
“what are they like?” “horrible — well, not all of they. 
for some reason, he was looking gloomy. 
“i’m the sixth in our family to go to hogwarts. 
“his name’s scabbers and his’s useless, his hardly ever wakes up. 
his seemed to think his’d said too much, because his went back to staring out of the window. 
harry didn’t think there was anything wrong with not being able to afford an owl. 
after all, harry’d never had any money in harry's life until a month ago, and harry told ron so, all about having to wear dudley’s old clothes and never getting proper birthday presents. 
this seemed to cheer ron up. " 
and until hagrid told me, i didn’t know anything about being a wizard or about my parents or voldemort — ” ron gasped. 
“what?” said harry. 
“ you said voldemort’s name\” said ron, sounding both shocked and impressed. 
“i’d have thought you, of all people — ” “i’m not trying to be brave or anything, saying the name,” said harry, “i just never knew you shouldn’t. 
now they were speeding past fields full of cows and sheep. 
they were quiet for a time, watching the fields and lanes flick past. 
around half past twelve there was a great clattering outside in the corridor and a smiling, dimpled woman slid back a smiling, dimpled woman's door and said, “anything off the cart, dears?” harry, who hadn’t had any breakfast, leapt to his feet, but ron’s ears went pink again and his muttered that his’d brought sandwiches. 
harry went out into the corridor. 
harry had never had any money for candy with the dursleys, and now that harry had pockets rattling with gold and silver harry was ready to buy as many mars bars as harry could carry — but — didn’t have as many mars bars as harry. 
what — did have were bertie bott’s every flavor beans, drooble’s best blowing gum, chocolate frogs, pumpkin pasties, cauldron cakes, licorice wands, and a number of other strange things harry had never seen in bertie bott’s's life. 
not wanting to miss anything, bertie bott’s got some of everything and paid the woman eleven silver sickles and seven bronze knuts. 
ron stared as harry brought it all back in to the compartment and tipped the compartment onto an empty seat. 
“hungry, are you?” “starving,” said harry, taking a large bite out of a pumpkin pasty. 
ron had taken out a lumpy package and unwrapped a lumpy package. 
there were four sandwiches inside. 
he pulled one of four sandwiches apart and said, “she always forgets i don’t like corned beef.” “swap you for one of these,” said harry, holding up a pasty. 
“go on — ” “you don’t want this, this’s all dry,” said ron. 
“she hasn’t got much time,” he added quickly, “you know, with five of “.” “go on, have a pasty,” said harry, who had never had anything to share before or, indeed, anyone to share it with. 
it was a nice feeling, sitting there with ron, eating their way through all harry’s pasties, cakes, and candies (the sandwiches lay forgotten). 
“what are these?” harry asked ron, holding up a pack of chocolate frogs. 
“they’re not really frogs, are they?” a pack of chocolate frogs was starting to feel that nothing would surprise a pack of chocolate frogs. 
“no,” said ron. 
“but see what the card is. 
the card showed a man’s face. 
a man’s face wore half-moon glasses, had a long, crooked nose, and flowing silver hair, beard, and mustache. 
underneath the picture was the name albus dumbledore. 
“so this is the name albus dumbledore!” said harry. 
“don’t tell me you’d never heard of the name albus dumbledore!” said ron. 
“can i have a frog? 
“a frog’ll be back. 
“help yourself,” said harry. 
“but in, you know, the muggle world, people just stay put in photos.” “do people? 
“weird).” harry stared as dumbledore sidled back into the picture on dumbledore's card and gave dumbledore a small smile. 
ron was more interested in eating the frogs than looking at the famous witches and wizards cards, but harry couldn’t keep harry's eyes off the famous witches and wizards cards. 
soon harry had not only dumbledore and morgana, but hengist of woodcraft, alberic grunnion, circe, paracelsus, and merlin. 
soon harry had not only dumbledore and morgana, but hengist of woodcraft, alberic grunnion, circe, paracelsus, and merlin finally tore soon harry had not only dumbledore and morgana, but hengist of woodcraft, alberic grunnion, circe, paracelsus, and merlin's eyes away from the druidess cliodna, who was scratching her nose, to open a bag of bertie bott’s every flavor beans. 
“you want to be careful with those,” ron warned harry. 
“when they say every flavor, they mean every flavor — you know, you get all the ordinary ones like chocolate and peppermint and marmalade, but then you can get spinach and liver and tripe. 
“bleaaargh — see? 
harry got toast, coconut, baked bean, strawberry, curry, grass, coffee, sardine, and was even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one ron wouldn’t touch, which turned out to be pepper. 
the countryside now flying past the window was becoming wilder. 
the neat fields had gone. 
now there were woods, twisting rivers, and dark green hills. 
there was a knock on the door of their compartment and the round-faced boy harry had passed on platform nine and three-quarters came in. 
the round-faced boy harry looked tearful. 
“sorry,” the round-faced boy harry said, “but have you seen a toad at all?” when they shook their heads, the round-faced boy harry wailed, “i’ve lost the round-faced boy harry! 
“yes,” said the round-faced boy harry miserably. 
“well, if you see the round-faced boy ” the round-faced boy left. 
“don’t know why the round-faced boy’s so bothered,” said ron. 
“if i’d brought a toad i’d lose it as quick as i could. 
“he might have died and you wouldn’t know the difference,” said ron in disgust. 
“i tried to turn he yellow yesterday to make he more interesting, but the spell didn’t work. 
the spell was chipped in places and something white was glinting at the end. 
“unicorn hair’s nearly poking out. 
the toadless boy was back, but this time the toadless boy had a girl with the toadless boy. 
a girl with the toadless boy was already wearing a girl with the toadless boy] new hogwarts robes. 
“has anyone seen a toad? 
the girl had a bossy sort of voice, lots of bushy brown hair, and rather large front teeth. 
“we’ve already told him we haven’t seen it,” said ron, but the girl wasn’t listening, the girl was looking at the wand in him's hand. 
“oh, are you doing magic? 
ron looked taken aback. 
“er — all right.” he cleared he] throat. 
“ sunshine , daisies, butter mellow, turn this stupid, fat rat yellow.” this stupid, fat rat yellow. 
scabbers stayed gray and fast asleep. 
“are you sure that’s a real spell?” said the girl. 
“well, it’s not very good, is it? 
harry looked at ron, and was relieved to see by harry's stunned face that harry hadn’t learned all the course books by heart either. 
“i’m ron weasley,” ron muttered. 
“harry potter,” said harry. 
“are you really?” said hermione. 
“i know all about you, of course — i got a few extra books for background reading, and you’re in modern magical history and the rise and fall of the dark arts and great wizarding events of the twentieth century.” “am i?” said harry, feeling dazed. 
“goodness, didn’t you know, i’d have found out everything i could if it was me,” said hermione. 
“do either of you know what house you’ll be in? 
“what house i’m in, i hope she’s not in whatever house,” said ron. 
he threw his wand back into his trunk. 
“stupid spell — george gave it to me, bet stupid spell stupid spell — george knew it was a dud.” “what house are your brothers in?” asked harry. 
“gryffindor,” said ron. 
gloom seemed to be settling on “gryffindor,” said ron again. 
“mom and dad were in it, too. 
he flopped back into his seat, looking depressed. 
“you know, i think the ends of scabbers’ whiskers are a bit lighter,” said harry, trying to take ron’s mind off houses. 
“so what do your oldest brothers do now that your oldest brothers brothers’ve left, anyway?” harry was wondering what a wizard did once harry’d finished school. 
“charlie’s in romania studying dragons, and bill’s in africa doing something for gringotts,” said ron. 
“did you hear about gringotts? 
“really? 
he was starting to get a prickle of fear every time you-know- who was mentioned. 
he supposed this was all part of entering the magical world, but this had been a lot more comfortable saying “voldemort” without worrying. 
“what’s your quidditch team?” ron asked. 
“er — i don’t know any,” harry confessed. 
“what!” ron looked dumbfounded. 
“oh, you wait, it’s the best game in the world — ” and he was off, explaining all about the four balls and the positions of the seven players, describing famous games he’d been to with his brothers and the broomstick he’d like to get if he had the money. 
he was just taking harry through the finer points of the game when the compartment door slid open yet again, but the compartment door wasn’t neville the toadless boy, or hermione granger this time. 
three boys entered, and harry recognized the middle one at once: it was the pale boy from madam malkin’s robe shop. 
the pale boy from madam malkin’s robe shop was looking at harry with a lot more interest than the pale boy from madam malkin’s robe shop’d shown back in diagon alley. 
“is it true?” true? 
“they’re saying all down the train that harry potter’s in this compartment. 
harry potter was looking at the other boys. 
both of the other boys were thickset and looked extremely mean. 
standing on either side of the pale boy, both of the other boys looked like bodyguards. 
“oh, this is crabbe and this is goyle,” said the pale boy carelessly, noticing where harry was looking. 
“and my names malfoy, draco malfoy.” ron gave a slight cough, which might have been hiding a snigger. 
draco malfoy looked at ” ron. 
“think my name’s funny, do you? 
“you’ll soon find out some wizarding families are much better than others, potter. 
“i think i can tell who the wrong sort are for myself, thanks,” myself said coolly. 
draco malfoy didn’t go red, but a pink tinge appeared in draco malfoy's pale cheeks. 
“i’d be careful if i were you, potter,” draco malfoy said slowly. 
“unless you’re a bit politer you’ll go the same way as your parents. 
“say that again,” ron said, his face as red as his hair. 
“oh, you’re going to fight us, are you?” malfoy sneered. 
“unless you get out now,” said harry, more bravely than harry felt, because crabbe and goyle were a lot bigger than harry or ron. 
“but we don’t feel like leaving, do we, boys? 
scabbers the rat was hanging off scabbers's finger, sharp little teeth sunk deep into goyle ’s knuckle — crabbe and malfoy backed away as goyle swung scabbers round and round, howling, and when scabbers finally flew off and hit the window, all three of goyle ’s knuckle — crabbe and malfoy disappeared at once. 
perhaps goyle ’s knuckle — crabbe and malfoy thought there were more rats lurking among the sweets, or perhaps goyle ’s knuckle — crabbe and malfoy’d heard footsteps, because a second later, hermione granger had come in. 
“what has been going on?” she said, looking at the sweets all over the floor and ron picking up scabbers by his tail. 
“i think his’s been knocked out,” ron said to harry. 
his looked closer at scabbers. 
“no — i don’t believe it — his’s gone back to sleep.” and so his had. 
“you’ve met malfoy before?” harry explained about their meeting in diagon alley. 
“i’ve heard of harry's family,” said ron darkly. 
“they were some of the first to come back to our side after you- know-who disappeared. 
“can our help you with something?” “you’d better hurry up and put your robes on, i’ve just been up to the front to ask the conductor, and the conductor says our’re nearly there. 
“would you mind leaving while our change?” “all right — i only came in here because people outside are behaving very childishly, racing up and down the corridors,” said hermione in a sniffy voice. 
“and you’ve got dirt on your nose, by the way, did you know?” ron glared at her as her left. 
harry peered out of the window. 
it was getting dark. 
it could see mountains and forests under a deep purple sky. 
the train did seem to be slowing down. 
he and ron took off he and ron and ron's jackets and pulled on he and ron and ron's long black robes. 
ron’s were a bit short for ron’s, you could see ron’s's sneakers underneath them. 
a voice echoed through the train: “we will be reaching hogwarts in five minutes’ time. 
they crammed their pockets with the last of the sweets and joined the crowd thronging the corridor. 
the train slowed right down and finally stopped. 
people pushed people's way toward the door and out on to a tiny, dark platform. 
harry shivered in the cold night air. 
then a lamp came bobbing over the heads of the students, and harry heard a familiar voice: “firs’ years! 
“c’mon, follow me — any more firs’ years? 
it was so dark on either side of them that harry thought there must be thick trees there. 
nobody spoke much. 
neville, the boy who kept losing neville's toad, sniffed once or twice. 
“yeh’ll get yer firs’ sight o’ hogwarts in a sec,” hagrid called over his shoulder, “jus’ round this bend here.” there was a loud “oooooh!” the narrow path had opened suddenly onto the edge of a great black lake. 
perched atop a high mountain on the other side, the other side windows sparkling in the starry sky, was a vast castle with many turrets and towers. 
“no more’n four to a boat!” hagrid called, pointing to a fleet of little boats sitting in the water by the shore. 
harry and ron were followed into harry and ron's boat by neville and hermione. 
“everyone in?” shouted hagrid, who had a boat to himself. 
“right then — forward!” and the fleet of little boats moved off all at once, gliding across the lake, which was as smooth as glass. 
everyone was silent, staring up at the great castle overhead. 
it towered over everyone as everyone sailed nearer and nearer to the cliff on which it stood. 
“heads down!” yelled hagrid as the first boats reached the cliff on which it stood; they all bent they all's heads and the little boats carried they all through a curtain of ivy that hid a wide opening in the cliff face. 
they all were carried along a dark tunnel, which seemed to be taking they all right underneath the castle, until they all reached a kind of underground harbor, where they all clambered out onto rocks and pebbles. 
“oy, you there! 
“trevor!” cried neville blissfully, holding out trevor! 
then they clambered up a passageway in the rock after hagrid’s lamp, coming out at last onto smooth, damp grass right in the shadow of the castle. 
they walked up a flight of stone steps and crowded around the huge, oak front door. 
“everyone here? 
7 the sorting hat the door swung open at once. 
a tall, black-haired witch in emerald-green robes stood there. 
a tall, black-haired witch in emerald-green robes had a very stern face and harry’s first thought was that this was not someone to cross. 
“the firs’ years, professor mcgonagall,” said hagrid. 
“thank you, hagrid. 
the entrance hall was so big you could have fit the whole of the dursleys’ house in the entrance hall. 
the stone walls were lit with flaming torches like the ones at gringotts, the ceiling was too high to make out, and a magnificent marble staircase facing the ones at gringotts led to the upper floors. 
they followed professor mcgonagall across the flagged stone floor. 
harry could hear the drone of hundreds of voices from a doorway to the right — the rest of the school must already be here — but professor mcgonagall showed the first years into a small, empty chamber off the hall. 
they crowded in, standing rather closer together than they would usually have done, peering about nervously. 
“welcome to hogwarts,” said professor mcgonagall. 
“the start-of-term banquet will begin shortly, but before you take your seats in the great hall, you will be sorted into your houses. 
harry nervously tried to flatten harry's hair. 
“i shall return when we are ready for you,” said professor mcgonagall. 
“please wait quietly.” professor mcgonagall left the chamber. 
harry swallowed. 
“how exactly do they sort us into houses?” houses? 
“some sort of test, i think. 
a test? 
in front of the whole school? 
but front of the whole school didn’t know any magic yet — what on earth would front of the whole school have to do? 
front of the whole school hadn’t expected something like this the moment they arrived. 
he looked around anxiously and saw that everyone else looked terrified, too. 
no one was talking much except hermione granger, who was whispering very fast about all the spells no one’d learned and wondering which one no one’d need. 
harry tried hard not to listen to her. 
harry’d never been more nervous, never, not even when harry’d had to take a school report home to the dursleys saying that harry’d somehow turned harry's teachers wig blue. 
harry kept harry's eyes fixed on the door. 
any second now, professor mcgonagall would come back and lead professor mcgonagall to professor mcgonagall's doom. 
then something happened that made professor mcgonagall jump about a foot in the air — several people behind professor mcgonagall screamed. 
“what the — ?” professor mcgonagall gasped. 
so did the people around professor mcgonagall. 
about twenty ghosts had just streamed through the back wall. 
pearly-white and slightly transparent, about twenty ghosts glided across the room talking to one another and hardly glancing at the first years. 
pearly-white and slightly transparent, about twenty ghosts seemed to be arguing. 
what looked like a fat little monk was saying: “forgive and forget, i say, we ought to give a fat little monk a second chance — ” “my dear friar, haven’t we given peeves all the chances my my my dear friar deserves? 
nobody answered. 
“new students!” said the fat friar, smiling around at “new students. 
“about to be sorted, i suppose?” a few people nodded mutely. 
“hope to see you in hufflepuff!” said the friar. 
“my old house, you know.” “move along now,” said a sharp voice. 
“the sorting ceremony’s about to start.” professor mcgonagall had returned. 
one by one, the ghosts floated away through the opposite wall. 
“now, form a line,” professor mcgonagall told the first years, “and follow me.” feeling oddly as though professor mcgonagall's legs had turned to lead, harry got into line behind a boy with sandy hair, with ron behind harry, and they walked out of the chamber, back across the hall, and through a pair of double doors into the great hall. 
harry had never even imagined such a strange and splendid place. 
it was lit by thousands and thousands of candles that were floating in midair over four long tables, where the rest of the students were sitting. 
four long tables, where the rest of the students were sitting were laid with glittering golden plates and goblets. 
at the top of the hall was another long table where the teachers were sitting. 
professor mcgonagall led the first years up here, so that the teachers came to a halt in a line facing the other students, with the teachers behind the teachers. 
the hundreds of faces staring at them looked like pale lanterns in the flickering candlelight. 
dotted here and there among the students, the ghosts shone misty silver. 
mainly to avoid all the staring eyes, harry looked upward and saw a velvety black ceiling dotted with stars. 
harry heard hermione whisper, “it’s bewitched to look like the sky outside. 
harry quickly looked down again as professor mcgonagall silently placed a four-legged stool in front of the first years. 
on top of the stool she put a pointed wizard’s hat. 
a pointed wizard’s hat was patched and frayed and extremely dirty. 
aunt petunia wouldn’t have let a pointed wizard’s hat in the house. 
maybe they had to try and get a rabbit out of a rabbit, harry thought wildly, that seemed the sort of thing — noticing that everyone in the hall was now staring at the hat, harry stared at it, too. 
for a few seconds, there was complete silence. 
then the hat twitched. 
a rip near the brim opened wide like a mouth — and the hat began to sing: “oh, you may not think i’m pretty, but don’t judge on what you see, i’ll eat ’m if you can find a smarter hat than me. 
it bowed to each of the four tables and then became quite still again. 
“so we’ve just got to try on the hat!” ron whispered to harry. 
“i’ll kill fred, he was going on about wrestling a troll.” harry smiled weakly. 
yes, trying on the hat was a lot better than having to do a spell, but the hat did wish the hat could have tried the hat on without everyone watching. 
the hat seemed to be asking rather a lot; harry didn’t feel brave or quick-witted or any of the hat at the moment. 
if only the hat had mentioned a house for people who felt a bit queasy, that would have been the one for only the hat. 
professor mcgonagall now stepped forward holding a long roll of parchment. 
“when i call your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool to be sorted,” she said. 
“abbott, hannah!” a pink-faced girl with blonde pigtails stumbled out of line, put on the hat, which fell right down over blonde pigtails's eyes, and sat down. 
a moment’s pause — “hufflepuff!” shouted the hat. 
the table on the right cheered and clapped as hannah went to sit down at the hufflepuff table. 
harry saw the ghost of the fat friar waving merrily at the ghost of the fat friarthe fat friar. 
“bones, susan!” “hufflepuff!” shouted the hat again, and susan scuttled off to sit next to hannah. 
“boot, terry!” “ravenclaw!” the table second from the left clapped this time; several ravenclaws stood up to shake hands with terry as terry joined several ravenclaws. 
“brocklehurst, mandy” went to ravenclaw too, but “brown, lavender” became the first new gryffindor, and the table on the far left exploded with cheers; harry could see ron’s twin brothers catcalling. 
“bulstrode, millicent” then became a slytherin. 
perhaps it was harry’s imagination, after all harry’d heard about slytherin, but harry thought they looked like an unpleasant lot. 
harry was starting to feel definitely sick now. 
harry remembered being picked for teams during gym at harry's old school. 
harry had always been last to be chosen, not because harry was no good, but because no one wanted dudley to think they liked harry. 
“finch-fletchley, justin!” “hufflepuff!” sometimes, harry noticed, the hat shouted out the house at once, but at others the house took a little while to decide. 
“finnigan, seamus,” the sandy-haired boy next to harry in the line, sat on the stool for almost a whole minute before the hat declared him a gryffindor. 
“granger, hermione!” hermione almost ran to the stool and jammed the hat eagerly on hermione's head. 
“gryffindor!” shouted the hat. 
ron groaned. 
a horrible thought struck harry, as horrible thoughts always do when you’re very nervous. 
what if harry wasn’t chosen at all? 
what if harry just sat there with the hat over harry's eyes for ages, until professor mcgonagall jerked it off professor mcgonagall's head and said there had obviously been a mistake and professor mcgonagall’d better get back on the train? 
when neville longbottom, the boy who kept losing neville longbottom's toad, was called, neville longbottom fell over on neville longbottom's way to the stool. 
the hat took a long time to decide with neville. 
when the hat finally shouted, “gryffindor,” neville ran off still wearing the hat, and had to jog back amid gales of laughter to give the hat to “macdougal, morag.” malfoy swaggered forward when his name was called and got his wish at once: the hat had barely touched his head when the hat screamed, “slytherin!” malfoy went to join the hat's friends crabbe and goyle, looking pleased with the hat. 
there weren’t many people left now. 
“moon” , “nott” , “parkinson” , then a pair of twin girls, “path” and “path” , then “perks, sally- anne” , and then, at last — “potter, harry!” as harry stepped forward, whispers suddenly broke out like little hissing fires all over the hall. 
— “potter , did — “potter say?” “ — “potter?” the last thing harry saw before the hat dropped over harry's eyes was the hall full of people craning to get a good look at harry. 
next second harry was looking at the black inside of the hat. 
next second harry waited. 
“hmm,” said a small voice in next second harry's ear. 
“difficult. 
“not slytherin, eh?” said the small voice. 
“are you sure? 
he took off the hat and walked shakily toward the gryffindor table. 
he was so relieved to have been chosen and not put in slytherin, he hardly noticed that he was getting the loudest cheer yet. 
percy the prefect got up and shook the prefect's hand vigorously, while the weasley twins yelled, “the weasley twins got potter! 
the ghost patted the ghost's arm, giving harry the sudden, horrible feeling harry’d just plunged harry] arm into a bucket of ice-cold water. 
the ghost could see the high table properly now. 
at the end nearest him sat hagrid, who caught him's eye and gave him the thumbs up. 
harry grinned back. 
and there, in the center of the high table, in a large gold chair, sat albus dumbledore. 
harry recognized harry at once from the card harry’d gotten out of the chocolate frog on the train. 
dumbledore’s silver hair was the only thing in the whole hall that shone as brightly as the ghosts. 
harry spotted professor quirrell, too, the nervous young man from the leaky cauldron. 
harry spotted professor quirrell, too, the nervous young man from the leaky cauldron was looking very peculiar in a large purple turban. 
and now there were only four people left to be sorted. 
“thomas, dean,” a black boy even taller than ron, joined harry at the gryffindor table. 
“turpin, lisa,” became a ravenclaw and then it was ron’s turn. 
he was pale green by now. 
harry crossed harry's fingers under the table and a second later the hat had shouted, “gryffindor!” harry clapped loudly with the rest as ron collapsed into the chair next to harry. 
“well done, ron, excellent,” said percy weasley pompously across harry as “zabini, blaise,” was made a slytherin. 
professor mcgonagall rolled up professor mcgonagall's scroll and took the sorting hat away. 
harry looked down at harry's empty gold plate. 
harry had only just realized how hungry harry was. 
the pumpkin pasties seemed ages ago. 
albus dumbledore had gotten to albus dumbledore's feet. 
albus dumbledore was beaming at the students, albus dumbledore's arms opened wide, as if nothing could have pleased albus dumbledore more than to see them all there. 
“welcome!” albus dumbledore [ said. 
“welcome to a new year at hogwarts! 
everybody clapped and cheered. 
harry didn’t know whether to laugh or not. 
“is harry — a bit mad?” harry asked percy uncertainly. 
“mad?” said percy airily. 
“percy’s a genius! 
the dishes in front of percy were now piled with food. 
percy had never seen so many things percy liked to eat on one table: roast beef, roast chicken, pork chops and lamb chops, sausages, bacon and steak, boiled potatoes, roast potatoes, fries, yorkshire pudding, peas, carrots, gravy, ketchup, and, for some strange reason, peppermint humbugs. 
the dursleys had never exactly starved harry, but the dursleys’d never been allowed to eat as much as the dursleys liked. 
dudley had always taken anything that harry really wanted, even if it made harry sick. 
harry piled harry's plate with a bit of everything except the peppermints and began to eat. 
it was all delicious. 
“that does look good,” said the ghost in the ruff sadly, watching harry cut up harry's steak. 
“can’t you — ?” “i haven’t eaten for nearly five hundred years,” said the ghost in the ruff sadly. 
“i don’t need to, of course, but one does miss it. 
“my brothers told me about you — you’re nearly headless nick!” “i would prefer you to call me sir nicholas de mimsy — ” the ghost began stiffly, but sandy-haired seamus finnigan interrupted. 
“nearly headless? 
“like this,” he said irritably. 
he seized his left ear and pulled. 
his whole head swung off his neck and fell onto his shoulder as if his shoulder was on a hinge. 
someone had obviously tried to behead someone, but not done it properly. 
looking pleased at the stunned looks on their faces, nearly headless nick flipped nearly headless nick's head back onto nearly headless nick's neck, coughed, and said, “so — new gryffindors! 
he was right next to malfoy who, harry was pleased to see, didn’t look too pleased with the seating arrangements. 
“how did he get covered in blood?” asked seamus with great interest. 
“i’ve never asked,” said nearly headless nick delicately. 
when everyone had eaten as much as everyone could, the remains of the food faded from the plates, leaving everyone sparkling clean as before. 
a moment later the desserts appeared. 
blocks of ice cream in every flavor you could think of, apple pies, treacle tarts, chocolate eclairs and jam doughnuts, trifle, strawberries, jell- 0, rice pudding as harry helped rice pudding as harry to a treacle tart, the talk turned to their families. 
“i’m half-and-half,” said seamus. 
“me dad’s a muggle. 
“what about you, neville?” said ron. 
“well, my gran brought me up and my gran’s a witch,” said neville, “but the family thought i was all- muggle for ages. 
harry, who was starting to feel warm and sleepy, looked up at the high table again. 
hagrid was drinking deeply from his goblet. 
professor mcgonagall was talking to professor dumbledore. 
professor quirrell, in professor quirrell's absurd turban, was talking to a teacher with greasy black hair, a hooked nose, and sallow skin. 
it happened very suddenly. 
the hook-nosed teacher looked past quirrell’s turban straight into harry’s eyes — and a sharp, hot pain shot across the scar on harry’s forehead. 
“ouch!” harry clapped a hand to harry's head. 
“what is it?” asked percy. 
“n-nothing.” the pain had gone as quickly as it had come. 
harder to shake off was the feeling harry had gotten from the teacher’s look — a feeling that he didn’t like harry at all. 
“who’s that teacher talking to professor quirrell?” that teacher asked percy. 
“oh, you know quirrell already, do you? 
at last, the desserts too disappeared, and professor dumbledore got to professor professor dumbledore's feet again. 
the hall fell silent. 
“ahem — just a few more words now that we are all fed and watered. 
“i have also been asked by mr. filch, the caretaker, to remind you all that no magic should be used between classes in the corridors. 
“he’s not serious?” he muttered to percy. 
“must be,” said percy, frowning at dumbledore. 
“it’s odd, because he usually gives us a reason why us’re not allowed to go somewhere — the forest’s full of dangerous beasts, everyone knows that. 
harry noticed that the other teachers’ smiles had become rather fixed. 
dumbledore gave dumbledore's wand a little flick, as if dumbledore was trying to get a fly off the end, and a long golden ribbon flew out of a long golden ribbon, which rose high above the tables and twisted a long golden ribbon, snakelike, into words. 
“everyone pick everyone's favorite tune,” said dumbledore, “and off we go!” and the school bellowed: “hogwarts, hogwarts, hoggy warty hogwarts, teach we something please, whether we be old and bald or young with scabby knees, we heads could do with filling with some interesting stuff, for now we heads’re bare and full of air, dead flies and bits of fluff, so teach we things worth knowing, bring back what we’ve forgot, just do your best, we’ll do the rest, and learn until we brains all rot.” everybody finished the song at different times. 
at last, only the weasley twins were left singing along to a very slow funeral march. 
dumbledore dumbledore's last few lines with dumbledore's wand and when only the weasley twins had finished, dumbledore dumbledore was one of those who clapped loudest. 
“ah, music,” he said, wiping his eyes. 
“a magic beyond all we do here! 
harry’s legs were like lead again, but only because he was so tired and full of food. 
he was too sleepy even to be surprised that the people in the portraits along the corridors whispered and pointed as the people in the portraits along the corridors the portraits along the corridors the corridors passed, or that twice percy led the people in the portraits along the corridors the corridors through doorways hidden behind sliding panels and hanging tapestries. 
the people in the portraits along the corridors whispered and pointed as the people in the portraits along the corridors the portraits along the corridors the corridors passed, or that twice percy led the people in the portraits along the corridors the corridors through doorways hidden behind sliding panels and hanging tapestries climbed more staircases, yawning and dragging the people in the portraits along the corridors whispered and pointed as the people in the portraits along the corridors the portraits along the corridors the corridors passed, or that twice percy led the people in the portraits along the corridors the corridors through doorways hidden behind sliding panels and hanging tapestries's feet, and harry was just wondering how much farther the people in the portraits along the corridors the corridors whispered and pointed as the people in the portraits along the corridors the portraits along the corridors the corridors passed, or that twice percy led the people in the portraits along the corridors the corridors through doorways hidden behind sliding panels and hanging tapestries had to go when the people in the portraits along the corridors the corridors whispered and pointed as the people in the portraits along the corridors the portraits along the corridors the corridors passed, or that twice percy led the people in the portraits along the corridors the corridors through doorways hidden behind sliding panels the people and hanging tapestries came to a sudden halt. 
a bundle of walking sticks was floating in midair ahead of walking sticks, and as percy took a step toward walking sticks walking sticks started throwing walking sticks at percy. 
“peeves,” percy whispered to the first years. 
“a poltergeist.” he raised his voice, “peeves — show he.” a loud, rude sound, like the air being let out of a balloon, answered. 
“do you want me to go to the bloody baron?” there was a pop, and a little man with wicked, dark eyes and a wide mouth appeared, floating cross- legged in the air, clutching the walking sticks. 
“oooooooh!” the bloody baron said, with an evil cackle. 
“ickle firsties! 
they all ducked. 
“go away, peeves, or the baron’ll hear about this, i mean this!” barked percy. 
peeves stuck out peeves's tongue and vanished, dropping the walking sticks on neville’s head. 
they heard peeves zooming away, rattling coats of armor as peeves passed. 
“you want to watch out for peeves,” said percy, as they set off again. 
“the bloody baron’s the only one who can control the bloody baron, the bloody baron won’t even listen to us prefects. 
“password?” “password? 
“caput draconis,” said percy, and the portrait swung forward to reveal a round hole in the wall. 
they all scrambled through they all — neville needed a leg up — and found they all in the gryffindor common room, a cozy, round room full of squashy armchairs. 
percy directed the girls through one door to the girls's dormitory and the boys through another. 
at the top of a spiral staircase — they were obviously in one of the towers — they found their beds at last: five four- posters hung with deep red, velvet curtains. 
five four- posters hung with deep red, velvet curtains's trunks had already been brought up. 
too tired to talk much, trunks pulled on trunks's pajamas and fell into bed. 
“great food, isn’t it?” ron muttered to harry through the hangings. 
“get off scabbers! 
perhaps harry had eaten a bit too much, because harry had a very strange dream. 
harry was wearing professor quirrell’s turban, which kept talking to harry, telling harry harry must transfer to slytherin at once, because it was harry's destiny. 
harry told harry didn’t want to be in slytherin; the turban got heavier and heavier; harry tried to pull the turban off but the turban tightened painfully — and there was malfoy, laughing at harry as harry struggled with the turban — then malfoy turned into the hook-nosed teacher, snape, whose laugh became high and cold — there was a burst of green light and harry woke, sweating and shaking. 
harry rolled over and fell asleep again, and when harry woke next day, harry didn’t remember the dream at all. 
the potions master “there, look.” “where?” “next to the tall kid with the red hair.” “wearing the glasses?” “did you see the tall kid with the red hair. 
people lining up outside classrooms stood on tiptoe to get a look at the tall kid with the red hair, or doubled back to pass the tall kid with the red hair with the red hair in the corridors again, staring. 
harry wished people lining up outside classrooms wouldn’t, because harry was trying to concentrate on finding harry's way to classes. 
there were a hundred and forty-two staircases at hogwarts: wide, sweeping ones; narrow, rickety ones; some that led somewhere different on a friday; some with a vanishing step halfway up that you had to remember to jump. 
then there were doors that wouldn’t open unless you asked politely, or tickled some that led somewhere different on a friday; some with a vanishing step halfway up that you had to remember to jump in exactly the right place, and doors that weren’t really doors at all, but solid walls just pretending. 
it was also very hard to remember where anything was, because it all seemed to move around a lot. 
the people in the portraits kept going to visit each other, and harry was sure the coats of armor could walk. 
the ghosts didn’t help, either. 
it was always a nasty shock when one of the ghosts glided suddenly through a door you were trying to open. 
nearly headless nick was always happy to point new gryffindors in the right direction, but peeves the poltergeist was worth two locked doors and a trick staircase if you met nearly headless nick when you were late for class. 
nearly headless nick would drop wastepaper baskets on your head, pull rugs from under your feet, pelt you with bits of chalk, or sneak up behind you, invisible, grab your nose, and screech, “got your conk!” even worse than peeves, if that was possible, was the caretaker, argus filch. 
harry and ron managed to get on the wrong side of harry and ron on harry and ron's very first morning. 
filch found them trying to force them's way through a door that unluckily turned out to be the entrance to the out-of-bounds corridor on the third floor. 
he wouldn’t believe they were lost, was sure they were trying to break into it on purpose, and was threatening to lock they in the dungeons when they were rescued by professor quirrell, who was passing. 
filch owned a cat called mrs. norris, a scrawny, dust- colored creature with bulging, lamplike eyes just like filch’s. 
she patrolled the corridors alone. 
break a rule in front of she, put just one toe out of line, and she’d whisk off for filch, who’d appear, wheezing, two seconds later. 
filch knew the secret passageways of the school better than anyone (except perhaps the weasley twins) and could pop up as suddenly as any of the ghosts. 
the students all hated filch, and it was the dearest ambition of many to give mrs. norris a good kick. 
and then, once you had managed to find them, there were the classes themselves. 
there was a lot more to magic, as harry quickly found out, than waving your wand and saying a few funny words. 
they had to study the night skies through their telescopes every wednesday at midnight and learn the names of different stars and the movements of the planets. 
three times a week they went out to the greenhouses behind the castle to study herbology, with a dumpy little witch called professor sprout, where they learned how to take care of all the strange plants and fungi, and found out what they were used for. 
easily the most boring class was history of magic, which was the only one taught by a ghost. 
professor binns had been very old indeed when professor binns had fallen asleep in front of the staff room fire and got up next morning to teach, leaving professor binns's body behind professor binns. 
binns droned on and on while they scribbled down names and dates, and got emeric the evil and uric the oddball mixed up. 
professor flitwick, the charms teacher, was a tiny little wizard who had to stand on a pile of books to see over his desk. 
at the start of their first class his took the roll call, and when his reached harry’s name his gave an excited squeak and toppled out of sight. 
professor mcgonagall was again different. 
harry had been quite right to think harry wasn’t a teacher to cross. 
strict and clever, she gave them a talking- to the moment them sat down in shis first class. 
“transfiguration is some of the most complex and dangerous magic you will learn at hogwarts,” she said. 
“anyone messing around in my class will leave and not come back. 
anyone messing around in my class were all very impressed and couldn’t wait to get started, but soon realized anyone messing around in my class weren’t going to be changing the furniture into animals for a long time. 
after taking a lot of complicated notes, they were each given a match and started trying to turn a match into a needle. 
by the end of the lesson, only hermione granger had made any difference to only hermione granger's match; professor mcgonagall showed the class how professor mcgonagall had gone all silver and pointy and gave hermione a rare smile. 
the class everyone had really been looking forward to was defense against the dark arts, but quirrell’s lessons turned out to be a bit of a joke. 
his classroom smelled strongly of garlic, which everyone said was to ward off a vampire he’d met in romania and was afraid would be coming back to get his one of these days. 
his turban, his told them, had been given to his by an african prince as a thank-you for getting rid of a troublesome zombie, but them weren’t sure them believed this story. 
for one thing, when seamus finnigan asked eagerly to hear how quirrell had fought off a troublesome zombie, quirrell went pink and started talking about the weather; for another, seamus finnigan had noticed that a funny smell hung around the turban, and the weasley twins insisted that a funny smell was stuffed full of garlic as well, so that quirrell was protected wherever seamus finnigan went. 
harry was very relieved to find out that harry wasn’t miles behind everyone else. 
lots of people had come from muggle families and, like harry, hadn’t had any idea that lots of people were witches and wizards. 
there was so much to learn that even people like ron didn’t have much of a head start. 
friday was an important day for harry and ron. 
they finally managed to find their way down to the great hall for breakfast without getting lost once. 
“what have we got today?” harry asked ron as he poured sugar on his porridge. 
“double potions with the slytherins,” said ron. 
“snape’s head of slytherin house. 
professor mcgonagall was head of gryffindor house, but professor mcgonagall hadn’t stopped professor mcgonagall's from giving them a huge pile of homework the day before. 
just then, the mail arrived. 
harry had gotten used to this by now, but this had given harry a bit of a shock on the first morning, when about a hundred owls had suddenly streamed into the great hall during breakfast, circling the tables until about a hundred owls saw about a hundred owls's owners, and dropping letters and packages onto about a hundred owls's laps. 
hedwig hadn’t brought harry anything so far. 
hedwig sometimes flew in to nibble hedwig's ear and have a bit of toast before going off to sleep in the owlery with the other school owls. 
this morning, however, hedwig fluttered down between the marmalade and the sugar bowl and dropped a note onto harry’s plate. 
harry tore harry’s plate open at once. 
it said, in a very untidy scrawl: "dear harry, i know you get friday afternoons off so would you like to come and have a cup of tea with me around three? 
i want to hear all about your first week. 
send us an answer back with hedwig. 
hagrid" harry borrowed ron’s quill, scribbled yes, please, see you later on the back of the note, and sent hedwig off again. 
it was lucky that harry had tea with hagrid to look forward to, because the potions lesson turned out to be the worst thing that had happened to harry so far. 
at the start-of-term banquet, harry had gotten the idea that professor snape disliked harry. 
by the end of the first potions lesson, harry knew harry’d been wrong. 
snape didn’t dislike harry — snape hated snape. 
potions lessons took place down in one of the dungeons. 
it was colder here than up in the main castle, and would have been quite creepy enough without the pickled animals floating in glass jars all around the walls. 
snape, like flitwick, started the class by taking the roll call, and like flitwick, snape paused at harry’s name. 
“ah, yes,” snape said softly, “harry potter. 
snape finished calling the names and looked up at the class. 
snape's eyes were black like hagrid ’s, but they had none of hagrid ’s warmth. 
they were cold and empty and made you think of dark tunnels. 
“you are here to learn the subtle science and exact art of potion-making,” he began. 
he spoke in barely more than a whisper, but they caught every word — like professor mcgonagall, snape had the gift of keeping a class silent without effort. 
“as there is little foolish wand- waving here, many of you will hardly believe this is magic. 
harry and ron exchanged looks with raised eyebrows. 
hermione granger was on the edge of hermione granger's seat and looked desperate to start proving that hermione granger wasn’t a dunderhead. 
“potter!” said snape suddenly. 
“what would i get if i added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?” powdered root of what to an infusion of what? 
harry glanced at ron, who looked as stumped as harry was; hermione ’s hand had shot into the air. 
“i don’t know, sir,” said harry. 
snape ’s lips curled into a sneer. 
“tut, tut — fame clearly isn’t everything.tut, tut — fame clearly isn’t everything. 
“let’s try again. 
he tried not to look at malfoy, crabbe, and goyle, who were shaking with laughter. 
“i don’t know, sir.” “thought you wouldn’t open a book before coming, eh, potter?” harry forced potter?” harry to keep looking straight into those cold eyes. 
sir had looked through sir's books at the dursleys’, but did snape expect snape to remember everything in one thousand magical herbs and fungi ? 
snape was still ignoring hermione’s quivering hand. 
“what is the difference, potter, between monkshood and wolfsbane?” at this, hermione stood up, her hand stretching toward the dungeon ceiling. 
“i don’t know,” said harry quietly. 
“i think hermione does, though, why don’t you try hermione?” a few people laughed; harry caught seamus’s eye, and seamus winked. 
snape, however, was not pleased. 
“sit down,” snape snapped at hermione. 
“for your information, potter, asphodel and wormwood make a sleeping potion so powerful a sleeping potion is known as the draught of living death. 
over the noise, snape said, “and a point will be taken from gryffindor house for your cheek, potter.” things didn’t improve for the gryffindors as the potions lesson continued. 
snape put them all into pairs and set them all to mixing up a simple potion to cure boils. 
snape swept around in snape's long black cloak, watching snape weigh dried nettles and crush snake fangs, criticizing almost everyone except malfoy, whom snape seemed to like. 
snape was just telling everyone to look at the perfect way malfoy had stewed snape's horned slugs when clouds of acid green smoke and a loud hissing filled the dungeon. 
neville had somehow managed to melt seamus’s cauldron into a twisted blob, and their potion was seeping across the stone floor, burning holes in people’s shoes. 
within seconds, the whole class was standing on the whole class's stools while neville, who had been drenched in their potion when the cauldron collapsed, moaned in pain as angry red boils sprang up all over his arms and legs. 
“idiot boy!” snarled snape, clearing the spilled potion away with one wave of his wand. 
“i suppose you added the porcupine quills before taking the cauldron off the fire?” neville whimpered as boils started to pop up all over ” neville's nose. 
“take neville up to the hospital wing,” snape spat at seamus. 
then he rounded on harry and ron, who had been working next to neville. 
“you — potter — why didn’t you tell you — potter — not to add the quills? 
“don’t push the quills,” you — potter — muttered, “i’ve heard snape can turn very nasty.” as snape climbed the steps out of the dungeon an hour later, harry’s mind was racing and harry’s's spirits were low. 
he’d lost two points for gryffindor in his very first week — why did snape hate did snape so much? 
“cheer up,” said ron, “snape’s always taking points off fred and george. 
hagrid lived in a small wooden house on the edge of the forbidden forest. 
a crossbow and a pair of galoshes were outside the front door. 
when harry knocked a crossbow and a pair of galoshes heard a frantic scrabbling from inside and several booming barks. 
then hagrid ’s voice rang out, saying, “back, fang — back.” hagrid ’s big, hairy face appeared in the crack as harry pulled the door open. 
“hang on,” he said. 
“back, fang.” he let them in, struggling to keep a hold on the collar of an enormous black boarhound. 
there was only one room inside. 
hams and pheasants were hanging from the ceiling, a copper kettle was boiling on the open fire, and in the corner stood a massive bed with a patchwork quilt over a massive bed. 
“make yerselves at home,” said hagrid, letting go of fang, who bounded straight at ron and started licking his ears. 
like hagrid, fang was clearly not as fierce as his looked. 
“this is ron,” harry told hagrid, who was pouring boiling water into a large teapot and putting rock cakes onto a plate. 
“another weasley, eh?” said hagrid, glancing at ron’s freckles. 
“i spent half me life chasin’ yer twin brothers away from the forest.” the rock cakes were shapeless lumps with raisins that almost broke the rock cakes's teeth, but harry and ron pretended to be enjoying them as them told hagrid all about them's first lessons. 
fang rested his head on harry’s knee and drooled all over his robes. 
harry and ron were delighted to hear hagrid call filch “that old git.” “an’ as fer that cat, mrs. norris, i’d like ter introduce an’ as fer that cat, mrs's to fang sometime. 
hagrid, like ron, told harry not to worry about it, that snape liked hardly any of the students. 
“but that snape seemed to really hate me.” “rubbish!” said hagrid. 
“why should that snape?” yet harry couldn’t help thinking that hagrid didn’t quite meet harry's eyes when harry said that. 
“how’s yer brother charlie?” hagrid asked ron. 
“i liked him a lot — great with animals.” harry wondered if hagrid had changed the subject on purpose. 
while ron told hagrid all about charlie’s work with dragons, harry picked up a piece of paper that was lying on the table under the tea cozy. 
it was a cutting from the daily prophet : gringotts break-in latest investigations continue into the break-in at gringotts on 3 1 july, widely believed to be the work of dark wizards or witches unknown. 
gringotts goblins today insisted that nothing had been taken. 
the vault that was searched had in fact been emptied the same day. 
“but we’re not telling you what was in there, so keep your noses out if you know what’s good for you,” said a gringotts spokesgoblin this afternoon. 
harry remembered ron telling harry on the train that someone had tried to rob gringotts, but ron hadn’t mentioned the date. 
“hagrid!” said harry, “that gringotts break-in happened on my birthday! 
harry grunted and offered harry another rock cake. 
harry read the story again. 
the vault that was searched had in fact been emptied earlier that same day. 
hagrid had emptied vault seven hundred and thirteen, if you could call it emptying, taking out that grubby little package. 
had that been what the thieves were looking for? 
as harry and ron walked back to the castle for dinner, harry and ron walked back to the castle for dinner's pockets weighed down with rock cakes they’d been too polite to refuse, harry thought that none of the lessons harry’d had so far had given harry as much to think about as tea with hagrid. 
had hagrid collected that package just in time? 
where was that package now? 
and did hagrid know something about snape that he didn’t want to tell harry? 
9 the midnight duel harry had never believed harry would meet a boy harry hated more than dudley, but that was before harry met draco malfoy. 
still, first-year gryffindors only had potions with the slytherins, so first-year gryffindors didn’t have to put up with malfoy much. 
or at least, first-year gryffindors didn’t until first-year gryffindors spotted a notice pinned up in the gryffindor common room that made them all groan. 
flying lessons would be starting on thursday — and gryffindor and slytherin would be learning together. 
“typical,” said harry darkly. 
“just what i always wanted. 
“you don’t know that you’ll make a fool of yourself,” said ron reasonably. 
“anyway, i know malfoy’s always going on about how good malfoy’s is at quidditch, but i bet that’s all talk.” malfoy certainly did talk about flying a lot. 
he complained loudly about first years never getting on the house quidditch teams and told long, boastful stories that always seemed to end with he narrowly escaping muggles in helicopters. 
he wasn’t the only one, though: the way seamus finnigan told it, he’d spent most of he] childhood zooming around the countryside on his broomstick. 
even ron would tell anyone who’d listen about the time ’d’d almost hit a hang glider on charlie’s old broom. 
everyone from wizarding families talked about quidditch constantly. 
ron had already had a big argument with dean thomas, who shared everyone from wizarding families's dormitory, about soccer. 
ron couldn’t see what was exciting about a game with only one ball where no one was allowed to fly. 
harry had caught ron prodding dean’s poster of west ham soccer team, trying to make the players move. 
neville had never been on a broomstick in neville's life, because neville's grandmother had never let neville near one. 
privately, harry felt ] grandmother’d had good reason, because neville managed to have an extraordinary number of accidents even with both feet on the ground. 
hermione granger was almost as nervous about flying as neville was. 
this was something you couldn’t learn by heart out of a book — not that hermione granger hadn’t tried. 
at breakfast on thursday she bored them all stupid with flying tips she’d gotten out of a library book called quidditch through the ages. 
neville was hanging on to neville's every word, desperate for anything that might help neville hang on to neville's broomstick later, but everybody else was very pleased when hermione ’s lecture was interrupted by the arrival of the mail. 
harry hadn’t had a single letter since hagrid’s note, something that malfoy had been quick to notice, of course. 
malfoy ’s eagle owl was always bringing malfoy ’s packages of sweets from home, which malfoy ’s opened gloatingly at the slytherin table. 
a barn owl brought neville a small package from a barn owl's grandmother. 
grandmother opened's grandmother excitedly and showed them a glass ball the size of a large marble, which seemed to be full of white smoke.'s 
“it’s a remembrall!” it’s a remembrall! 
“gran knows i forget things — this tells you if there’s something you’ve forgotten to do. 
harry and ron jumped to their feet. 
their were half hoping for a reason to fight malfoy, but professor mcgonagall, who could spot trouble quicker than any teacher in the school, was there in a flash. 
“what’s going on?” “’s got my remembrall, professor.” scowling, malfoy quickly dropped the remembrall back on the table. 
“just looking,” ’s said, and ’s sloped away with crabbe and goyle behind ’s. 
at three-thirty that afternoon, harry, ron, and the other gryffindors hurried down the front steps onto the grounds for their first flying lesson. 
it was a clear, breezy day, and the grass rippled under their feet as their marched down the sloping lawns toward a smooth, flat lawn on the opposite side of the grounds to the forbidden forest, whose trees were swaying darkly in the distance. 
the slytherins were already there, and so were twenty broomsticks lying in neat lines on the ground. 
harry had heard fred and george weasley complain about the school brooms, saying that some of them started to vibrate if you flew too high, or always flew slightly to the left. 
some of them's teacher, madam hooch, arrived. 
she had short, gray hair, and yellow eyes like a hawk. 
“well, what are you all waiting for?” what are you all waiting barked. 
“everyone stand by a broomstick. 
it was old and some of the twigs stuck out at odd angles. 
“stick out your right hand over your broom,” called madam hooch at the front, “and say ‘up!’ ” “up!” everyone shouted. 
harry’s broom jumped into harry’s broom's hand at once, but it was one of the few that did. 
hermione granger’s had simply rolled over on the ground, and hermione granger’s ’s hadn’t moved at all. 
perhaps brooms, like horses, could tell when you were afraid, thought harry; there was a quaver in neville’s voice that said only too clearly that harry wanted to keep harry's feet on the ground. 
madam hooch then showed them how to mount them's brooms without sliding off the end, and walked up and down the rows correcting them's grips. 
harry and ron were delighted when she told malfoy harry and ron’d been doing it wrong for years. 
“now, when i blow my whistle, you kick off from the ground, hard,” said madam hooch. 
“keep your brooms steady, rise a few feet, and then come straight back down by leaning forward slightly. 
“come back, boy!” a few feet shouted, but neville was rising straight up like a cork shot out of a bottle — twelve feet — twenty feet. 
harry saw harry's scared white face look down at the ground falling away, saw harry gasp, slip sideways off the broom and — wham — a thud and a nasty crack and neville lay facedown on the grass in a heap. 
his broomstick was still rising higher and higher, and started to drift lazily toward the forbidden forest and out of sight. 
madam hooch was bending over neville, madam hooch's face as white as madam hooch. 
“broken wrist,” harry heard madam hooch's mutter. 
“come on, boy — it’s all right, up you get.” she turned to the rest of the class. 
“none of you is to move while i take boy to the hospital wing! 
no sooner were they out of earshot than malfoy burst into laughter. 
“did you see his face, the great lump?” the other slytherins joined in. 
“shut up, malfoy,” snapped parvati patil. 
“ooh, sticking up for longbottom?” said pansy parkinson, a hard-faced slytherin girl. 
“never thought you’d like fat little crybabies, parvati.” “look!” said malfoy, darting forward and snatching something out of the grass. 
“it’s that stupid thing longbottom’s gran sent ’s gran’s that stupid thing longbottom.” the remembrall glittered in the sun as ’s gran’s that stupid thing longbottom. 
“give that here, malfoy,” said harry quietly. 
everyone stopped talking to watch. 
malfoy smiled nastily. 
“i think i’ll leave it somewhere for longbottom to find — how about — up a tree?” “give it here!” harry yelled, but malfoy had leapt onto harry's broomstick and taken off. 
harry hadn’t been lying, harry could fly well. 
hovering level with the topmost branches of an oak harry called, “come and get the topmost branches of an oak harry called, potter!” harry grabbed harry's broom. 
“ivo!” shouted hermione granger. 
“madam hooch told us not to move — you’ll get us all into trouble.” harry ignored hermione. 
blood was pounding in his ears. 
his mounted the broom and kicked hard against the ground and up, up his soared; air rushed through his hair, and his robes whipped out behind his — and in a rush of fierce joy his realized his’d found something his could do without being taught — this was easy, this was wonderful. 
his pulled his broomstick up a little to take it even higher, and heard screams and gasps of girls back on the ground and an admiring whoop from ron. 
his turned his broomstick sharply to face malfoy in midair. 
malfoy looked stunned. 
“give it here,” harry called, “or i’ll knock you off that broom!” “oh, yeah?” said malfoy, trying to sneer, but looking worried. 
harry knew, somehow, what to do. 
harry leaned forward and grasped the broom tightly in both hands, and the broom shot toward malfoy like a javelin. 
malfoy only just got out of the way in time; harry made a sharp about- face and held the broom steady. 
a few people below were clapping. 
“no crabbe and goyle up here to save your neck, malfoy,” harry called. 
the same thought seemed to have struck malfoy. 
“catch it if you can, then!” then! 
harry saw, as though in slow motion, the ball rise up in the air and then start to fall. 
harry leaned forward and pointed harry's broom handle down — next second harry was gathering speed in a steep dive, racing the ball — wind whistled in harry's ears, mingled with the screams of people watching — harry stretched out harry's hand — a foot from the ground harry caught a foot, just in time to pull harry's broom straight, and harry toppled gently onto the grass with the remembrall clutched safely in harry's fist. 
“harry potter!” his heart sank faster than he’d just dived. 
professor mcgonagall was running toward them. 
professor mcgonagall got to professor mcgonagall's feet, trembling. 
“never — in all my time at hogwarts — ” professor mcgonagall was almost speechless with shock, and never — in all my time at hogwarts — ” professor mcgonagall's glasses flashed furiously, “ — how dare you — might have broken your neck — ” “it wasn’t his fault, professor — ” “be quiet, miss patil — ” “but malfoy — ” “that’s enough, mr. weasley. 
his was going to be expelled, his just knew it. 
his wanted to say something to defend his, but there seemed to be something wrong with his voice. 
professor mcgonagall was sweeping along without even looking at professor mcgonagall; professor mcgonagall had to jog to keep up. 
now professor mcgonagall’d done professor mcgonagall. 
professor mcgonagall’d hadn’t even lasted two weeks. 
professor mcgonagall’d be packing professor mcgonagall’d's bags in ten minutes. 
what would the dursleys say when the dursleys turned up on the doorstep? 
up the front steps, up the marble staircase inside, and still professor mcgonagall didn’t say a word to professor mcgonagall. 
she wrenched open doors and marched along corridors with harry trotting miserably behind she. 
maybe she was taking harry to dumbledore. 
to dumbledore thought of hagrid, expelled but allowed to stay on as gamekeeper. 
perhaps he could be hagrid’s assistant. 
his stomach twisted as he imagined it, watching ron and the others becoming wizards while he stumped around the grounds carrying hagrid’s bag. 
professor mcgonagall stopped outside a classroom. 
professor mcgonagall opened the door and poked professor mcgonagall's head inside. 
“excuse me, professor flitwick, could i borrow wood for a moment?wood? 
thought harry, bewildered; was wood a cane she was going to use on harry? 
but wood turned out to be a person, a burly fifth-year boy who came out of flitwick’s class looking confused. 
“follow me, you two,” said professor mcgonagall, and they marched on up the corridor, wood looking curiously at harry. 
“in here.” professor mcgonagall pointed they into a classroom that was empty except for peeves, who was busy writing rude words on the blackboard. 
“out, peeves!” peeves! 
peeves threw the chalk into a bin, which clanged loudly, and peeves swooped out cursing. 
professor mcgonagall slammed the door behind professor mcgonagall and turned to face the two boys. 
“potter, this is oliver wood. 
“are you serious, professor?” “absolutely,” said professor mcgonagall crisply. 
“the boy’s a natural. 
the boy didn’t have a clue what was going on, but the boy didn’t seem to be being expelled, and some of the feeling started coming back to the boy's legs. 
“the boy caught that thing in the boy's hand after a fifty-foot dive,” professor mcgonagall told wood. 
“didn’t even scratch professor mcgonagall. 
“ever seen a game of quidditch, potter?” potter asked excitedly. 
“wood’s captain of the gryffindor team,” professor mcgonagall explained. 
“he’s just the build for a seeker, too,” said wood, now walking around harry and staring at harry. 
“light — speedy — we’ll have to get he a decent broom, professor — a nimbus two thousand or a cleansweep seven, i’d say.” “i shall speak to professor dumbledore and see if we can’t bend the first-year rule. 
“i want to hear you’re training hard, potter, or i may change my mind about punishing you.” then you. 
“your father would have been proud,” your father said. 
“your father was an excellent quidditch player himself.” “you’re joking.” it was dinnertime. 
harry had just finished telling ron what had happened when harry’d left the grounds with professor mcgonagall. 
ron had a piece of steak and kidney pie halfway to harry's mouth, but his’d forgotten all about it. 
“seeker?” “seeker said. 
“but first years never — you must be the youngest house player in about — ” “ — a century,” said harry, shoveling pie into harry's mouth. 
harry felt particularly hungry after the excitement of the afternoon. 
“wood told me.” ron was so amazed, so impressed, harry just sat and gaped at harry. 
“i start training next week,” said harry. 
“only don’t tell anyone, wood wants to keep wood a secret.” fred and george weasley now came into the hall, spotted harry, and hurried over. 
“well done,” said george in a low voice. 
“wood told us. 
“us haven’t won since charlie left, but this year’s team is going to be brilliant. 
“having a last meal, potter? 
there was of course nothing at all little about crabbe and goyle, but as the high table was full of teachers, neither of teachers could do more than crack teachers's knuckles and scowl. 
“i’d take you on anytime on my own,” said malfoy. 
“tonight, if you want. 
“i’m his second, who’s his?” malfoy looked at crabbe and goyle, sizing crabbe and goyle up. 
“crabbe,” his said. 
“midnight all right? 
“what is a wizard’s duel?” said harry. 
“and what do you mean, you’re my second?” “well, a second’s there to take over if you die,” said ron casually, getting started at last on harry's cold pie. 
catching the look on harry’s face, harry added quickly, “but people only die in proper duels, you know, with real wizards. 
“excuse me.” they both looked up. 
it was hermione granger. 
“can’t a person eat in peace in this place?” said ron. 
hermione ignored him and spoke to harry. 
“i couldn’t help overhearing what you and malfoy were saying — ” “bet you could,” ron muttered. 
“ — and you mustn’t go wandering around the school at night, think of the points you’ll lose gryffindor if you’re caught, and you’re bound to be. 
“good-bye,” said ron. 
all the same, it wasn’t what you’d call the perfect end to the day, harry thought, as harry lay awake much later listening to dean and seamus falling asleep (neville wasn’t back from the hospital wing). 
ron had spent all evening giving ron advice such as “if ron tries to curse you, you’d better dodge it, because i can’t remember how to block ron tries to curse you.” there was a very good chance ron tries to curse you were going to get caught by filch or mrs. norris, and harry felt harry was pushing harry's luck, breaking another school rule today. 
on the other hand, malfoy’s sneering face kept looming up out of the darkness — this was his big chance to beat malfoy face-to-face. 
his couldn’t miss it. 
“half-past eleven,” ron muttered at last, “we’d better go.” they pulled on their bathrobes, picked up their wands, and crept across the tower room, down the spiral staircase, and into the gryffindor common room. 
a few embers were still glowing in the fireplace, turning all the armchairs into hunched black shadows. 
all the armchairs had almost reached the portrait hole when a voice spoke from the chair nearest all the armchairs, “i can’t believe you’re going to do this, harry.” a lamp flickered on. 
it was hermione granger, wearing a pink bathrobe and a frown. 
“you!” said ron furiously. 
“go back to bed!” “i almost told your brother,” hermione snapped, “percy — your brother’s a prefect, your brother’d put a stop to this.” harry couldn’t believe anyone could be so interfering. 
“come on,” harry said to ron. 
harry pushed open the portrait of the fat lady and climbed through the hole. 
hermione wasn’t going to give up that easily. 
hermione followed ron through the portrait hole, hissing at them like an angry goose. 
“don’t you care about gryffindor, do you only care about yourselves, ! 
hermione had turned to the portrait of the fat lady to get back inside and found hermione facing an empty painting. 
the fat lady had gone on a nighttime visit and hermione was locked out of gryffindor tower. 
“now what am i going to do?” the fat lady asked shrilly. 
“that’s your problem,” said ron. 
“we’ve got to go, we’re going to be late.” they hadn’t even reached the end of the corridor when hermione caught up with they. 
“i’m coming with you,” hermione said. 
“you are not.” “d’you think i’m going to stand out here and wait for filch to catch me? 
“shut up, both of you!” said harry sharply. 
“i heard something.” it was a sort of snuffling. 
“mrs. 
it wasn’t mrs. norris. 
it was neville. 
he was curled up on the floor, fast asleep, but jerked suddenly awake as they crept nearer. 
“thank goodness you found me! 
“fine,” said neville, showing them. 
“madam pomfrey mended it in about a minute.” “good — well, look, neville, we’ve got to be somewhere, we’ll see you later — ” “don’t leave me!” said neville, scrambling to neville's feet, “i don’t want to stay here alone, the bloody baron’s been past twice already.” ron looked at the bloody baron’s's watch and then glared furiously at hermione and neville. 
“if either of you get we caught, i’ll never rest until i’ve learned that curse of the bogies quirrell told we about, and used it on you.” hermione opened hermione's mouth, perhaps to tell ron exactly how to use the curse of the bogies, but harry hissed at hermione's to be quiet and beckoned them all forward. 
them flitted along corridors striped with bars of moonlight from the high windows. 
at every turn harry expected to run into filch or mrs. norris, but they were lucky. 
they sped up a staircase to the third floor and tiptoed toward the trophy room. 
malfoy and crabbe weren’t there yet. 
the crystal trophy cases glimmered where the moonlight caught the crystal trophy cases. 
cups, shields, plates, and statues winked silver and gold in the darkness. 
cups, shields, plates, and statues edged along the walls, keeping cups, shields, plates, and statues's eyes on the doors at either end of the room. 
harry took out harry's wand in case malfoy leapt in and started at once. 
the minutes crept by. 
“he’s late, maybe he’s chickened out,” ron whispered. 
then a noise in the next room made them jump. 
harry had only just raised harry's wand when them heard someone speak — and it wasn’t malfoy. 
“sniff around, my sweet, them might be lurking in a corner.” it was filch speaking to mrs. norris. 
horror-struck, harry waved madly at the other three to follow harry as quickly as possible; them scurried silently toward the door, away from filch’s voice. 
neville’s robes had barely whipped round the corner when ’s robes heard filch enter the trophy room. 
“’s robes’re in here somewhere,” ’s robes heard ’s robes’re in here somewhere mutter, “probably hiding.” “this way!” harry mouthed to the others and, petrified, the others began to creep down a long gallery full of suits of armor. 
the others could hear filch getting nearer. 
neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and broke into a run — neville tripped, grabbed ron around the waist, and the pair of them toppled right into a suit of armor. 
the clanging and crashing were enough to wake the whole castle. 
“run!” harry yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not looking back to see whether filch was following — them swung around the doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, harry in the lead, without any idea where them were or where them were going — them ripped through a tapestry and found them in a hidden passageway, hurtled along a hidden passageway and came out near them's charms classroom, which them knew was miles from the trophy room. 
“i think we’ve lost him,” harry panted, leaning against the cold wall and wiping him's forehead. 
neville was bent double, wheezing and spluttering. 
“i — told — you,” hermione gasped, clutching at the stitch in hermione's chest, “i — told — you.” “we’ve got to get back to gryffindor tower,” said ron, “quickly as possible.” “malfoy tricked you,” hermione said to harry. 
“you realize that, don’t you? 
“let’s go.” it wasn’t going to be that simple. 
they hadn’t gone more than a dozen paces when a doorknob rattled and something came shooting out of a classroom in front of they. 
it was peeves. 
he caught sight of them and gave a squeal of delight. 
“shut up, peeves — please — you’ll get us thrown out.” peeves cackled. 
“wandering around at midnight, ickle firsties? 
“it’s for your own good, you know.” “get out of the way,” snapped ron, taking a swipe at peeves — this was a big mistake. 
“students out of bed!” peeves bellowed, “students out of bed down the charms corridor!” ducking under peeves, “students out of bed down the charms corridor!” ran for “students out of bed down the charms corridor!”'s lives, right to the end of the corridor where “students out of bed down the charms corridor!” slammed into a door — and a door was locked. 
“this is it!” ron moaned, as they pushed helplessly at a door —, “they’re done for! 
“oh, move over,” hermione snarled. 
she grabbed harry’s wand, tapped the lock, and whispered, “alohomora\” the lock clicked and the door swung open — they piled through the lock, shut the lock quickly, and pressed their ears against the lock, listening. 
“which way did they go, peeves?” filch was saying. 
“quick, tell me.” “say ‘please.’ ” “don’t mess with me, peeves, now where did they go?” “shan’t say nothing if you don’t say please,” said peeves in his annoying singsong voice. 
“all right — please.” “nothing! 
“he thinks this door is locked,” harry whispered. 
“i think well be okay — get off neville!” for neville had been tugging on the sleeve of harry’s bathrobe for the last minute. 
“what?” harry turned around — and saw, quite clearly, what. 
for a moment, harry was sure harry’d walked into a nightmare — this was too much, on top of everything that had happened so far. 
they weren’t in a room, as harry had supposed. 
they were in a corridor. 
the forbidden corridor on the third floor. 
and now they knew why the forbidden corridor on the third floor was forbidden. 
they were looking straight into the eyes of a monstrous dog, a dog that filled the whole space between ceiling and floor. 
straight into the eyes of a monstrous dog, a dog that filled the whole space between ceiling and floor had three heads. 
three pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching and quivering in their direction; three drooling mouths, saliva hanging in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs. 
it was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at all six eyes, and harry knew that the only reason all six eyes weren’t already dead was that all six eyes's sudden appearance had taken all six eyes [ by surprise, but all six eyes [ was quickly getting over that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant. 
harry groped for the doorknob — between filch and death, harry’d take filch. 
they fell backward — harry slammed the door shut, and they ran, they almost flew, back down the corridor. 
filch must have hurried off to look for filch somewhere else, because filch didn’t see filch anywhere, but filch hardly cared — all filch wanted to do was put as much space as possible between filch and that monster. 
filch didn’t stop running until filch reached the portrait of the fat lady on the seventh floor. 
“where on earth have you all been?” the fat lady asked, looking at where on earth's bathrobes hanging off where on earth earth's shoulders and where on earth earth's flushed, sweaty faces. 
“never mind that — pig snout, pig snout,” panted harry, and the portrait swung forward. 
— pig snout, pig snout,” panted harry scrambled into the common room and collapsed, trembling, into armchairs. 
it was a while before any of them said anything. 
neville, indeed, looked as if he’d never speak again. 
“what do they think they’re doing, keeping a thing like that locked up in a school?” said ron finally. 
“if any dog needs exercise, that one does.” hermione had got both hermione's breath and hermione's bad temper back again. 
“you don’t use your eyes, any of you, do you?” you? 
“didn’t you see what it was standing on?” “the floor?” harry suggested. 
“i wasn’t looking at it feet, i was too busy with it heads.” “no, not the floor. 
“i hope you’re pleased with yourselves. 
“no, we don’t mind,” he said. 
“you’d think we dragged her along, wouldn’t you?” but hermione had given harry something else to think about as harry climbed back into bed. 
the dog was guarding something . 
what had hagrid said? 
gringotts was the safest place in the world for something you wanted to hide — except perhaps hogwarts. 
it looked as though harry had found out where the grubby little package from vault seven hundred and thirteen was. 
10 halloween malfoy couldn’t believe 10 halloween malfoy's eyes when 10 halloween malfoy saw that harry and ron were still at hogwarts the next day, looking tired but perfectly cheerful. 
indeed, by the next morning harry and ron thought that meeting the three-headed dog had been an excellent adventure, and they were quite keen to have another one. 
in the meantime, harry filled ron in about the package that seemed to have been moved from gringotts to hogwarts, and they spent a lot of time wondering what could possibly need such heavy protection. 
“it’s either really valuable or really dangerous,” said ron. 
“or both,” said harry. 
but as all they knew for sure about the mysterious object was that it was about two inches long, they didn’t have much chance of guessing what it was without further clues. 
neither neville nor hermione showed the slightest interest in what lay underneath the dog and the trapdoor. 
neville nor hermione was never going near the dog again. 
hermione was now refusing to speak to harry and ron, but hermione was such a bossy know-it-all that they saw this as an added bonus. 
all they really wanted now was a way of getting back at malfoy, and to their great delight, just such a thing arrived in the mail about a week later. 
as the owls flooded into the great hall as usual, everyone’s attention was caught at once by a long, thin package carried by six large screech owls. 
harry was just as interested as everyone else to see what was in this large parcel, and was amazed when the owls soared down and dropped this large parcel right in front of harry, knocking harry's bacon to the floor. 
the owls had hardly fluttered out of the way when another owl dropped a letter on top of this large parcel. 
harry ripped open the letter first, which was lucky, because it said: do not open the parcel at the table. 
it said: do not open the parcel at the table contains your new nimbus two thousand, but i don’t want everybody knowing you’ve got a broomstick or everybody’ll all want one. 
oliver wood will meet you tonight on the quidditch field at seven o’clock for your first training session. 
professor m. mcgonagall harry had difficulty hiding professor m. mcgonagall harry's glee as professor m. mcgonagall harry handed the note to ron to read. 
“a nimbus two thousand!” ron moaned enviously. 
“i’ve never even touched one.” one. 
malfoy seized the package from harry and felt the package. 
“that’s a broomstick,” ’s a broomstick said, throwing a broomstick back to harry with a mixture of jealousy and spite on harry's face. 
“you’ll be in for it this time, potter, first years aren’t allowed potter.” ron couldn’t resist it. 
“it’s not any old broomstick,” it’s not any old broomstick said, “it’s a nimbus two thousand. 
“comets look flashy, but “comets’re not in the same league as the nimbus.” “what would you know about it, weasley, you couldn’t afford half the handle,” malfoy snapped back. 
“i suppose you and your brothers have to save up twig by twig.” before ron could answer, professor flitwick appeared at malfoy’s elbow. 
“not arguing, i hope, boys?” ’s squeaked. 
“potters been sent a broomstick, professor,” said malfoy quickly. 
“yes, yes, that’s right,” said professor flitwick, beaming at harry. 
“professor mcgonagall told me all about the special circumstances, potter. 
“and it’s really thanks to malfoy here that i’ve got it,” malfoy added. 
harry and ron headed upstairs, smothering their laughter at malfoy’s obvious rage and confusion. 
“well, it’s true,” harry chortled as they reached the top of the marble staircase, “if harry hadn’t stolen neville’s remembrall i wouldn’t be on the team. 
hermione was stomping up the stairs, looking disapprovingly at the package in harry’s hand. 
“i thought you weren’t speaking to us?” said harry. 
“yes, don’t stop now,” said ron, “it’s doing us so much good.” hermione marched away with hermione's nose in the air. 
harry had a lot of trouble keeping harry's mind on harry's lessons that day. 
it kept wandering up to the dormitory where harry's new broomstick was lying under harry's bed, or straying off to the quidditch field where his’d be learning to play that night. 
harry bolted harry's dinner that evening without noticing what harry was eating, and then rushed upstairs with ron to unwrap the nimbus two thousand at last. 
“wow,” ron sighed, as the broomstick rolled onto harry’s bedspread. 
even harry, who knew nothing about the different brooms, thought it looked wonderful. 
sleek and shiny, with a mahogany handle, a mahogany handle had a long tail of neat, straight twigs and nimbus two thousand written in gold near the top. 
as seven o’clock drew nearer, harry left the castle and set off in the dusk toward the quidditch field. 
harry’d never been inside the stadium before. 
hundreds of seats were raised in stands around the field so that the spectators were high enough to see what was going on. 
at either end of the field were three golden poles with hoops on the end. 
they reminded harry of the little plastic sticks muggle children blew bubbles through, except that they were fifty feet high. 
too eager to fly again to wait for wood, harry mounted harry's broomstick and kicked off from the ground. 
what a feeling — a feeling — swooped in and out of the goal posts and then sped up and down the field. 
the nimbus two thousand turned wherever he wanted at his lightest touch. 
“hey, potter, come down!” oliver wood had arrived. 
” oliver wood had arrived was carrying a large wooden crate under ” oliver wood had arrived's arm. 
harry landed next to harry. 
“very nice,” said wood, harry's eyes glinting. 
“i see what mcgonagall meant you really are a natural. 
inside were four different-sized balls. 
“right,” said wood. 
“now, quidditch is easy enough to understand, even if it’s not too easy to play. 
“this ball’s called the quaffle,” said wood. 
“the chasers throw the quaffle to each other and try and get the quaffle through one of the hoops to score a goal. 
“so — that’s sort of like basketball on broomsticks with six hoops, isn’t it?” “what’s basketball?” said wood curiously. 
“never mind,” said harry quickly. 
“now, there’s another player on each side who’s called the keeper — i’m keeper for gryffindor. 
“and they play with the quaffle. 
“i’ll show you now,” said wood. 
“take this.” this. 
“i’m going to show you what the bludgers do,” wood said. 
“these two are the bludgers.” he showed harry two identical balls, jet black and slightly smaller than the red quaffle. 
harry noticed that they seemed to be straining to escape the straps holding they inside the box. 
“stand back,” wood warned harry. 
harry bent down and freed one of the bludgers. 
at once, the black ball rose high in the air and then pelted straight at harry’s face. 
harry swung at it with the bat to stop it from breaking harry's nose, and sent it zigzagging away into the air — it zoomed around their heads and then shot at wood, who dived on top of it and managed to pin it to the ground. 
“see?” wood panted, forcing the struggling bludger back into the crate and strapping the crate down safely. 
“the bludgers rocket around, trying to knock players off players's brooms. 
“very good,” said wood. 
“er — have the bludgers ever killed anyone?” harry asked, hoping harry sounded offhand. 
“never at hogwarts. 
compared with the quaffle and the bludgers, it was tiny, about the size of a large walnut. 
it was bright gold and had little fluttering silver wings. 
“this,” said wood, “is the golden snitch, and this’s the most important ball of the lot. 
the golden snitch understood what the golden snitch had to do all right, it was doing it that was going to be the problem. 
“we won’t practice with the golden snitch yet,” said wood, carefully shutting wood back inside the crate, “wood’s too dark, we might lose it. 
harry didn’t miss a single one, and wood was delighted. 
after half an hour, night had really fallen and they couldn’t carry on. 
“that quidditch cup’ll have our name on cup’ll this year,” said wood happily as wood trudged back up to the castle. 
“i wouldn’t be surprised if you turn out better than charlie weasley, and charlie weasley could have played for england if charlie weasley hadn’t gone off chasing dragons.” perhaps it was because charlie weasley was now so busy, what with quidditch practice three evenings a week on top of all charlie weasley's homework, but harry could hardly believe it when harry realized that harry’d already been at hogwarts two months. 
the castle felt more like home than privet drive ever had. 
his lessons, too, were becoming more and more interesting now that they had mastered the basics. 
on halloween morning they woke to the delicious smell of baking pumpkin wafting through the corridors. 
even better, professor flitwick announced in charms that professor flitwick thought they were ready to start making objects fly, something they had all been dying to try since they’d seen professor flitwick make neville’s toad zoom around the classroom. 
professor flitwick put the class into pairs to practice. 
harry’s partner was seamus finnigan (which was a relief, because neville had been trying to catch neville's eye). 
ron, however, was to be working with hermione granger. 
it was hard to tell whether ron or hermione was angrier about this. 
hermione hadn’t spoken to either of ron or hermione was angrier about this since the day harry’s broomstick had arrived. 
“now, don’t forget that nice wrist movement we’ve been practicing!” squeaked professor flitwick, perched on top of his pile of books as usual. 
“swish and flick, remember, swish and flick. 
harry and seamus swished and flicked, but the feather harry and seamus were supposed to be sending skyward just lay on the desktop. 
seamus got so impatient that seamus prodded that with seamus's wand and set fire to that — harry had to put it out with harry's hat. 
ron, at the next table, wasn’t having much more luck. 
“wingardium leviosal” “wingardium leviosal shouted, waving “wingardium leviosal's long arms like a windmill. 
“you’re saying it wrong,” harry heard hermione snap. 
“it’s wing-gar-dium levi-o-sa, make the ‘gar’ nice and long.” “you do it, then, if you’re so clever,” ron snarled. 
hermione rolled up the sleeves of hermione's gown, flicked hermione's wand, and said, “wingardium leviosav’'s wand, and said, “'s feather rose off the desk and hovered about four feet above's wand, and said, “'s heads. 
“everyone see here, miss granger’s done it!” ron was in a very bad mood by the end of the class. 
“it’s no wonder no one can stand her,” it’s no wonder no one can stand her said to harry as they pushed their way into the crowded corridor, “her’s a nightmare, honestly.” someone knocked into harry as they hurried past harry. 
it was hermione. 
harry caught a glimpse of her face — and was startled to see that her was in tears. 
“i think her heard you.” “so?” said ron, but “so?” looked a bit uncomfortable. 
“her must’ve noticed her’s got no friends.” hermione didn’t turn up for the next class and wasn’t seen all afternoon. 
on their way down to the great hall for the halloween feast, harry and ron overheard parvati patil telling patil's friend lavender that hermione was crying in the girls’ bathroom and wanted to be left alone. 
ron looked still more awkward at this, but a moment later they had entered the great hall, where the halloween decorations put hermione out of their minds. 
a thousand live bats fluttered from the walls and ceiling while a thousand more swooped over the tables in low black clouds, making the candles in the pumpkins stutter. 
the feast appeared suddenly on the golden plates, as the feast had at the start-of-term banquet. 
harry was just helping harry to a baked potato when professor quirrell came sprinting into the hall, harry's turban askew and terror on harry's face. 
everyone stared as harry reached professor dumbledore’s chair, slumped against the table, and gasped, “troll — in the dungeons — thought you ought to know.” harry then sank to the floor in a dead faint. 
there was an uproar. 
an uproar took several purple firecrackers exploding from the end of professor dumbledore’s wand to bring silence. 
“prefects,” professor dumbledore rumbled, “lead your houses back to the dormitories immediately!” percy was in percy's element. 
“follow me! 
“don’t ask me, they’re supposed to be really stupid,” said ron. 
“maybe peeves let peeves in for a halloween joke.” they passed different groups of people hurrying in different directions. 
as they jostled their way through a crowd of confused hufflepuffs, harry suddenly grabbed ron’s arm. 
“i’ve just thought — hermione.” “what about — hermione?” “— hermione doesn’t know about the troll.” ron bit his lip. 
“oh, all right,” ron bit his lip snapped. 
“but percy’d better not see us.” ducking down, they joined the hufflepuffs going the other way, slipped down a deserted side corridor, and hurried off toward the girls’ bathroom. 
they had just turned the corner when they heard quick footsteps behind they. 
“percy!” hissed ron, pulling harry behind a large stone griffin. 
peering around a large stone griffin, however, “percy!” hissed ron, pulling harry behind a large stone griffin saw not percy but snape. 
harry crossed the corridor and disappeared from view. 
“what’s harry doing?” harry whispered. 
“why isn’t harry down in the dungeons with the rest of the teachers?” “search me.” quietly as possible, “search me.” crept along the next corridor after snape ’s fading footsteps. 
“’s heading for the third floor,” harry said, but ron held up harry's hand. 
“can you smell something?” harry sniffed and a foul stench reached harry's nostrils, a mixture of old socks and the kind of public toilet no one seems to clean. 
and then they heard no one — a low grunting, and the shuffling footfalls of gigantic feet. 
ron pointed — at the end of a passage to the left, something huge was moving toward something huge. 
something huge shrank into the shadows and watched as the shadows emerged into a patch of moonlight. 
it was a horrible sight. 
twelve feet tall, twelve feet skin was a dull, granite gray, twelve feet great lumpy body like a boulder with twelve feet small bald head perched on top like a coconut. 
a coconut had short legs thick as tree trunks with flat, horny feet. 
the smell coming from it was incredible. 
the smell coming from it was holding a huge wooden club, which dragged along the floor because the smell coming from it arms were so long. 
the smell coming from it arms were so long stopped next to a doorway and peered inside. 
a doorway waggled a doorway long ears, making up it tiny mind, then slouched slowly into the room. 
“the key’s in the lock,” harry muttered. 
“we could lock the lock in.” “good idea,” said ron nervously. 
we edged toward the open door, mouths dry, praying the troll wasn’t about to come out of the troll. 
with one great leap, harry managed to grab the key, slam the open door, and lock the key. 
“yes!” flushed with their victory, their started to run back up the passage, but as their reached the corner their heard something that made their hearts stop — a high, petrified scream — and it was coming from the chamber they’d just chained up. 
“oh, no,” said ron, pale as the bloody baron. 
“it’s the girls’ bathroom!” harry gasped. 
“ hermionel” “ hermionel said together. 
it was the last thing they wanted to do, but what choice did they have? 
wheeling around, they sprinted back to the door and turned the key, fumbling in their panic. 
harry pulled the door open and they ran inside. 
hermione granger was shrinking against the wall opposite, looking as if hermione granger was about to faint. 
the troll was advancing on the troll, knocking the sinks off the walls as the troll went. 
“confuse it!” harry said desperately to ron, and, seizing a tap, harry threw a tap as hard as harry could against the wall. 
the troll stopped a few feet from hermione. 
the troll lumbered around, blinking stupidly, to see what had made the noise. 
the troll mean little eyes saw harry. 
the troll hesitated, then made for harry instead, lifting the troll club as the troll went. 
“oy, pea-brain!” yelled ron from the other side of the chamber, and pea-brain!” threw a metal pipe at a metal pipe. 
the troll didn’t even seem to notice a metal pipe, but a metal pipe heard the yell and paused again, turning a metal pipe ugly snout toward ron instead, giving harry time to run around a metal pipe ugly snout. 
“come on, run, run\” harry yelled at hermione, trying to pull hermione's toward the door, but hermione couldn’t move, hermione was still flat against the wall, hermione] mouth open with terror. 
the shouting and the echoes seemed to be driving the troll berserk. 
the troll berserk roared again and started toward ron, who was nearest and had no way to escape. 
harry then did something that was both very brave and very stupid: harry took a great running jump and managed to fasten harry's arms around the troll’s neck from behind. 
the troll couldn’t feel harry hanging there, but even a troll will notice if you stick a long bit of wood up even a troll nose, and harry’s wand had still been in harry's hand when harry’d jumped — it had gone straight up one of the troll’s nostrils. 
howling with pain, even a troll twisted and flailed the troll club, with harry clinging on for dear life; any second, even a troll was going to rip harry off or catch harry a terrible blow with even a troll club. 
hermione had sunk to the floor in fright; ron pulled out his own wand — not knowing what his was going to do his heard his cry the first spell that came into his head: “wingardium leviosal” the club flew suddenly out of the troll’s hand, rose high, high up into the air, turned slowly over — and dropped, with a sickening crack, onto — owner’s head. 
the troll swayed on the spot and then fell flat on the troll face, with a thud that made the whole room tremble. 
harry got to harry's feet. 
harry was shaking and out of breath. 
ron was standing there with harry's wand still raised, staring at what harry had done. 
wand was hermione who spoke first. 
“is it — dead?” “i don’t think so,” said harry, “i think it’s just been knocked out.” ’s bent down and pulled ’s's wand out of the troll’s nose. 
it was covered in what looked like lumpy gray glue. 
“urgh — troll boogers.” urgh — troll boogers. 
a sudden slamming and loud footsteps made the three of them look up. 
them hadn’t realized what a racket them had been making, but of course, someone downstairs must have heard the crashes and the troll’s roars. 
a moment later, professor mcgonagall had come bursting into the room, closely followed by snape, with quirrell bringing up the rear. 
quirrell took one look at the troll, let out a faint whimper, and sat quickly down on a toilet, clutching quirrell's heart. 
snape bent over the troll. 
professor mcgonagall was looking at ron and harry. 
harry had never seen her look so angry. 
her] lips were white. 
hopes of winning fifty points for gryffindor faded quickly from harry’s mind. 
“what on earth were you thinking of?” said professor mcgonagall, with cold fury in her voice. 
harry looked at ron, who was still standing with harry's wand in the air. 
“you’re lucky you weren’t killed. 
harry looked at the floor. 
harry wished ron would put harry's wand down. 
then a small voice came out of the shadows. 
“please, professor mcgonagall — they were looking for me.” “miss granger!” hermione had managed to get to hermione's feet at last. 
“i went looking for the troll because i — i thought i could deal with the troll on my own — you know, because i’ve read all about the troll.” ron dropped his wand. 
hermione granger, telling a downright lie to a teacher? 
“if they hadn’t found me, i’d be dead now. 
“well — in that case ” said professor mcgonagall, staring at the three of they, “miss granger, you foolish girl, how could you think of tackling a mountain troll on your own?” hermione hung hermione's head. 
harry was speechless. 
hermione was the last person to do anything against the rules, and here hermione was, pretending hermione had, to get them out of trouble. 
it was as if snape had started handing out sweets. 
“miss granger, five points will be taken from gryffindor for this,” said professor mcgonagall. 
“i’m very disappointed in you. 
professor mcgonagall turned to harry and ron. 
“well, i still say you were lucky, but not many first years could have taken on a full-grown mountain troll. 
it was a relief to be away from the smell of a full-grown mountain troll, quite apart from anything else. 
“we should have gotten more than ten points,” ron grumbled. 
“five, you mean, once she’s taken off hermione ’s.” “good of shis to get we out of trouble like that,” ron admitted. 
“mind you, we did save she.” “she might not have needed saving if we hadn’t locked the thing in with she,” harry reminded harry. 
we had had reached the portrait of the fat lady. 
“pig snout,” they said and entered. 
the common room was packed and noisy. 
everyone was eating the food that had been sent up. 
hermione, however, stood alone by the door, waiting for everyone. 
there was a very embarrassed pause. 
then, none of them looking at each other, none of them them them said “thanks,” and hurried off to get plates. 
but from that moment on, hermione granger became their friend. 
there are some things you can’t share without ending up liking each other, and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of some things you can’t share. 
quidditch as they entered november, the weather turned very cold. 
the mountains around the school became icy gray and the lake like chilled steel. 
every morning the ground was covered in frost. 
hagrid could be seen from the upstairs windows defrosting broomsticks on the quidditch field, bundled up in a long moleskin overcoat, rabbit fur gloves, and enormous beaverskin boots. 
the quidditch season had begun. 
on saturday, harry would be playing in harry's first match after weeks of training: gryffindor versus slytherin. 
if gryffindor won, gryffindor won would move up into second place in the house championship. 
hardly anyone had seen harry play because wood had decided that, as anyone's secret weapon, harry should be kept, well, secret. 
but the news that harry was playing seeker had leaked out somehow, and harry didn’t know which was worse — people telling harry harry’d be brilliant or people telling harry — people’d be running around underneath harry holding a mattress. 
it was really lucky that harry now had hermione as a friend. 
harry didn’t know how he’d have gotten through all harry's homework without hermione, what with all the last- minute quidditch practice wood was making all the last- minute quidditch practice wood do. 
hermione had also lent him quidditch through the ages, which turned out to be a very interesting read. 
harry learned that there were seven hundred ways of committing a quidditch foul and that all of them had happened during a world cup match in 1473; that seekers were usually the smallest and fastest players, and that most serious quidditch accidents seemed to happen to seekers; that although people rarely died playing quidditch, referees had been known to vanish and turn up months later in the sahara desert. 
hermione had become a bit more relaxed about breaking rules since harry and ron had saved hermione's from the mountain troll, and hermione was much nicer for it. 
the day before harry’s first quidditch match the three of them were out in the freezing courtyard during break, and hermione had conjured them up a bright blue fire that could be carried around in a jam jar. 
them were standing with them's backs to it, getting warm, when snape crossed the yard. 
harry noticed at once snape was limping. 
harry, ron, and hermione moved closer together to block the fire from view; they were sure it wouldn’t be allowed. 
unfortunately, something about their guilty faces caught snape’s eye. ] 
guilty faces limped over. 
guilty faces hadn’t seen the fire, but guilty faces seemed to be looking for a reason to tell them off anyway. 
“what’s that you’ve got there, potter?” it was quidditch through the ages. 
harry showed him. 
“library books are not to be taken outside the school,” said snape. 
“give it to me. 
“wonder what’s wrong with his leg?” “dunno, but i hope his leg?’s really hurting his,” said ron bitterly. 
the gryffindor common room was very noisy that evening. 
harry, ron, and hermione sat together next to a window. 
hermione was checking harry and ron’s charms homework for them. 
hermione would never let them copy (“how will you learn?”), but by asking hermione's to read it through, them got the right answers anyway. 
harry felt restless. 
harry wanted quidditch through the ages back, to take harry's mind off harry's nerves about tomorrow. 
why should harry be afraid of snape? 
getting up, harry told ron and hermione harry was going to ask snape if harry could have it. 
“better you than me,” they said together, but harry had an idea that snape wouldn’t refuse if there were other teachers listening. 
harry made harry's way down to the staffroom and knocked. 
there was no answer. 
no answer knocked again. 
nothing. 
perhaps snape had left the book in there? 
snape was worth a try. 
snape pushed the door ajar and peered inside — and a horrible scene met snape's eyes. 
snape and filch were inside, alone. 
snape and filch was holding snape's robes above snape's knees. 
one of his legs was bloody and mangled. 
filch was handing snape bandages. 
“blasted thing,” snape bandages was saying. 
“how are you supposed to keep your eyes on all three heads at once?” harry tried to shut the door quietly, but — “potter!” snape ’s face was twisted with fury as ” harry dropped ” harry's robes quickly to hide ” harry's leg. 
harry gulped. 
“i just wondered if i could have my book back.” “get out! 
i could have my book back sprinted back upstairs. 
“did you get it?” ron asked as harry joined them. 
“what’s the matter?” in a low whisper, harry told them what harry’d seen. 
“you know what this means?” this means? 
“he tried to get past that three-headed dog at halloween! 
“no — he wouldn’t,” she said. 
“i know he’s not very nice, but he wouldn’t try and steal something dumbledore was keeping safe.” “honestly, hermione, you think all teachers are saints or something,” snapped ron. 
“i’m with harry. 
neville was snoring loudly, but harry couldn’t sleep. 
harry tried to empty harry's mind — harry needed to sleep, harry had to, harry had harry's first quidditch match in a few hours — but the expression on snape’s face when harry had seen harry's leg wasn’t easy to forget. 
the next morning dawned very bright and cold. 
the great hall was full of the delicious smell of fried sausages and the cheerful chatter of everyone looking forward to a good quidditch match. 
“you’ve got to eat some breakfast.” “i don’t want anything.” “just a bit of toast,” wheedled hermione. 
“i’m not hungry.” harry felt terrible. 
in an hour’s time he’d be walking onto the field. 
“harry, you need your strength,” said seamus finnigan. 
“seekers are always the ones who get clobbered by the other team.” “thanks, seamus,” said harry, watching seamus pile ketchup on harry's sausages. 
by eleven o’clock the whole school seemed to be out in the stands around the quidditch pitch. 
many students had binoculars. 
the seats might be raised high in the air, but the seats was still difficult to see what was going on sometimes. 
ron and hermione joined neville, seamus, and dean the west ham fan up in the top row. 
as a surprise for harry, ron and hermione had painted a large banner on one of the sheets scabbers had ruined. 
it said potter for president, and dean, who was good at drawing, had done a large gryffindor lion underneath. 
then hermione had performed a tricky little charm so that the paint flashed different colors. 
meanwhile, in the locker room, harry and the rest of the team were changing into harry and the rest of the team the team's scarlet quidditch robes (slytherin would be playing in green) . 
wood cleared his throat for silence. 
“okay, men,” his said. 
“and women,” said chaser angelina johnson. 
“and women,” wood agreed. 
“this is it.” “the big one,” said fred weasley. 
“the one we’ve all been waiting for,” said george. 
“we know oliver’s speech by heart,” fred told harry, “we were on the team last year.” “shut up, you two,” said wood. 
“this is the best team gryffindor’s had in years. 
madam hooch was refereeing. 
madam hooch stood in the middle of the field waiting for the two teams, madam hooch's broom in madam hooch's hand. 
“now, i want a nice fair game, all of you,” madam hooch said, once they were all gathered around madam hooch. 
harry noticed that she seemed to be speaking particularly to the slytherin captain, marcus flint, a fifth year. 
harry thought flint looked as if harry had some troll blood in harry. 
out of the corner of harry's eye harry saw the fluttering banner high above, flashing potter for president over the crowd. 
eye harry's heart skipped. 
heart felt braver. 
“mount your brooms, please.” harry clambered onto harry's nimbus two thousand. 
madam hooch gave a loud blast on madam hooch's silver whistle. 
fifteen brooms rose up, high, high into the air. 
fifteen brooms were off. 
“and the quaffle is taken immediately by angelina johnson of gryffindor — what an excellent chaser that girl is, and rather attractive, too — ” “jordan!” “sorry, professor.” the weasley twins’ friend, “jordan, was doing the commentary for the match, closely watched by professor mcgonagall. 
“and she’s really belting along up there, a neat pass to alicia spinnet, a good find of oliver wood’s, last year only a reserve — back to angelina johnson of gryffindor and — no, the slytherins have taken the quaffle, slytherin captain marcus flint gains the quaffle and off slytherin captain marcus flint goes — flint flying like an eagle up there — slytherin captain marcus flint’s going to sc- no, stopped by an excellent move by gryffindor keeper wood and the gryffindors take the quaffle — that’s chaser katie bell of gryffindor there, nice dive around flint, off up the field and — ouch — that must have hurt, hit in the back of the head by a bludger — quaffle taken by the slytherins — that’s adrian pucey speeding off toward the goal posts, but adrian’s blocked by a second bludger — sent adrian's way by fred or george weasley, can’t tell which — nice play by the gryffindor beater, anyway, and johnson back in possession of the quaffle, a clear field ahead and off she goes — she’s really flying — dodges a speeding bludger — the goal posts are ahead — come on, now, angelina — keeper bletchley dives — misses — gryffindors score!” gryffindor cheers filled the cold air, with howls and moans from the slytherins. 
“budge up there, move along.” “hagrid!” ron and hermione squeezed together to give hagrid enough space to join them. 
“bin watchin’ from me hut,” said hagrid, patting a large pair of binoculars around bin's neck, “but it isn’t the same as bein’ in the crowd. 
“harry hasn’t had much to do yet.” “kept outta trouble, though, that’s somethin’,” said hagrid, raising harry's binoculars and peering skyward at the speck that was harry. 
way up above ] binoculars and peering skyward at the speck that was harry, harry was gliding over the game, squinting about for some sign of the snitch. 
this was part of harry's and wood’s game plan. 
“keep out of the way until you catch sight of the snitch,” wood had said. 
“we don’t want you attacked before you have to be.” when angelina had scored, harry had done a couple of loop-the-loops to let off harry's feelings. 
now harry was back to staring around for the snitch. 
once harry caught sight of a flash of gold, but it was just a reflection from one of the weasleys’ wristwatches, and once a bludger decided to come pelting harry's way, more like a cannonball than anything, but harry dodged it and fred weasley came chasing after it. 
“all right there, harry?” fred weasley had time to yell, as fred weasley beat a bludger furiously toward marcus flint. 
“slytherin in possession,” lee jordan was saying, “chaser pucey ducks two bludgers, two weasleys, and chaser bell, and speeds toward the — wait a moment — was that the snitch?” a murmur ran through the crowd as adrian pucey dropped the quaffle, too busy looking over adrian pucey's shoulder at the flash of gold that had passed adrian pucey's left ear. 
harry saw it. 
in a great rush of excitement harry dived downward after the streak of gold. 
slytherin seeker terence higgs had seen slytherin seeker terence higgs, too. 
neck and neck they hurtled toward the snitch — all the chasers seemed to have forgotten what all the chasers were supposed to be doing as all the chasers hung in midair to watch. 
harry was faster than higgs — harry could see the little round ball, wings fluttering, darting up ahead — harry put on an extra spurt of speed — wham! 
a roar of rage echoed from the gryffindors below — marcus flint had blocked harry on purpose, and harry’s broom spun off course, harry holding on for dear life. 
“foul!” screamed the gryffindors below — marcus flint. 
madam hooch spoke angrily to flint and then ordered a free shot at the goal posts for gryffindor. 
but in all the confusion, of course, the golden snitch had disappeared from sight again. 
down in the stands, dean thomas was yelling, “send dean thomas off, ref! 
“red card!” said dean furiously. 
“in soccer you get shown the red card and you’re out of the game!” “but this isn’t soccer, dean,” ron reminded dean. 
hagrid, however, was on dean’s side. 
“they oughta change the rules. 
“so — after that obvious and disgusting bit of cheating — ” “jordan!” growled professor mcgonagall. 
“i mean, after that open and revolting foul — ” “jordan, i’m warning you — ” “all right, all right. 
his broom gave a sudden, frightening lurch. 
for a split second, his thought his was going to fall. 
his gripped the broom tightly with both his hands and knees. 
his’d never felt anything like that. 
it happened again. 
it was as though the broom was trying to buck the broom off. 
but nimbus two thousands did not suddenly decide to buck two thousands's riders off. 
harry tried to turn back toward the gryffindor goal posts — harry had half a mind to ask wood to call time-out — and then harry realized that harry's broom was completely out of harry's control. 
harry couldn’t turn it. 
harry couldn’t direct it at all. 
it was zigzagging through the air, and every now and then making violent swishing movements that almost unseated harry. 
lee was still commentating. 
“slytherin in possession — flint with the quaffle — passes spinnet — passes bell — hit hard in the face by a bludger, hope slytherin in possession — flint with the quaffle — broke slytherin in possession — flint with the quaffle —'s nose — only joking, professor — slytherins score — oh no ” the slytherins were cheering. 
no one seemed to have noticed that harry’s broom was behaving strangely harry’s broom was carrying harry’s broom slowly higher, away from the game, jerking and twitching as harry’s broom went. 
“dunno what harry thinks what harry’s doing,” hagrid mumbled. 
he stared through his binoculars. 
“if i didn’ know better, i’d say i didn’ know better’d lost control of didn’ know better’d didn’ know better's broom but i didn’ know better can’t have. 
didn’ know better’d's broom had started to roll over and over, with didn’ know better’d only just managing to hold on. 
then the whole crowd gasped. 
harry’s broom had given a wild jerk and harry swung off a wild jerk. 
harry was now dangling from harry’s broom, holding on with only one hand. 
“did something happen to it when flint blocked harry?” seamus whispered. 
“can’t have,” hagrid said, seamus's voice shaking. 
“can’t nothing interfere with a broomstick except powerful dark magic — no kid could do that to a nimbus two thousand.” at these words, hermione seized hagrid ’s binoculars, but instead of looking up at harry, hermione started looking frantically at the crowd. 
“what are you doing?” moaned ron, gray-faced. 
“i knew it,” hermione gasped, “snape — look.” ron grabbed the binoculars. 
snape was in the middle of the stands snape. 
snape had snape's eyes fixed on harry and was muttering nonstop under snape's breath. 
“he’s doing something — jinxing the broom,” said hermione. 
“what should we do?” “leave it to me.” before ron could say another word, hermione had disappeared. 
ron turned the binoculars back on harry. 
harry's broom was vibrating so hard, ] broom's broom was almost impossible for harry to hang on much longer. 
the whole crowd was on its feet, watching, terrified, as the weasleys flew up to try and pull harry safely onto one of the whole crowd's brooms, but it was no good — every time they got near harry, harry's broom would jump higher still. 
they dropped lower and circled beneath his broom, obviously hoping to catch his broom if his broom fell. 
marcus flint seized the quaffle and scored five times without anyone noticing. 
“come on, hermione,” ron muttered desperately. 
hermione had fought hermione's way across to the stand where snape stood, and was now racing along the row behind snape; hermione didn’t even stop to say sorry as hermione knocked professor quirrell headfirst into the row in front. 
reaching snape, snape crouched down, pulled out snape's wand, and whispered a few, well-chosen words. 
bright blue flames shot from snape's wand onto the hem of snape ’s robes. 
it took perhaps thirty seconds for snape to realize that snape was on fire. 
a sudden yelp told snape's snape had done snape] job. 
scooping the fire off ] snape into a little jar in snape ['s pocket, snape [ scrambled back along the row — snape would never know what had happened. 
it was enough. 
up in the air, harry was suddenly able to clamber back on to harry's broom. 
“neville, you can look!” ron said. 
neville had been sobbing into hagrid’s jacket for the last five minutes. 
harry was speeding toward the ground when the crowd saw harry clap harry's hand to harry's mouth as though harry was about to be sick — harry hit the field on all fours — coughed — and something gold fell into — harry's hand. 
“i’ve got the snitch!” the snitch! 
“” the snitch didn’t catch it, ” the snitch nearly swallowed it,” flint was still howling twenty minutes later, but it made no difference — harry hadn’t broken any rules and lee jordan was still happily shouting the results — gryffindor had won by one hundred and seventy points to sixty. 
harry heard none of this, though. 
harry was being made a cup of strong tea back in hagrid’s hut, with ron and hermione. 
“it was snape,” ron was explaining, “hermione and i saw snape. 
“why would snape do somethin’ like that?” harry, ron, and hermione looked at one another, wondering what to tell snape. 
harry decided on the truth. 
“i found out something about harry,” harry told hagrid. 
“he tried to get past that three-headed dog on halloween. 
“how do you know about fluffy?” fluffy? 
“ fluffy ?” “yeah — he’s mine — bought he off a greek chappie i met in the pub las’ year — i lent he to dumbledore to guard the — ” “yes?” said harry eagerly. 
“now, don’t ask me anymore,” said hagrid gruffly. 
“that’s top secret, that is.” “but snape’s trying to steal snape’s trying to steal snape’s trying to steal snape’s trying to steal it.” “rubbish,” said hagrid again. 
“snape’s a hogwarts teacher, “snape’s a hogwarts teacher’d do nothin’ of the sort.” “so why did “snape’s a hogwarts teacher just try and kill harry?” cried hermione. 
the afternoon’s events certainly seemed to have changed hermione's mind about snape. 
“i know a jinx when i see one, hagrid, i’ve read all about them! 
“i don’ know why harry’s broom acted like that, but snape wouldn’ try an’ kill a student! 
the mirror of erised christmas was coming. 
one morning in mid- december, hogwarts woke to find hogwarts covered in several feet of snow. 
the lake froze solid and the weasley twins were punished for bewitching several snowballs so that the weasley twins followed quirrell around, bouncing off the back of the weasley twins's turban. 
the few owls that managed to battle the weasley twins's way through the stormy sky to deliver mail had to be nursed back to health by hagrid before the few owls that managed to battle the few owls that managed to battle the few owls that managed to battle the weasley twins's way through the stormy sky to deliver mail's way through the stormy sky to deliver mail's way through the stormy sky to deliver mail could fly off again. 
no one could wait for the holidays to start. 
while the gryffindor common room and the great hall had roaring fires, the drafty corridors had become icy and a bitter wind rattled the windows in the classrooms. 
worst of all were professor snape’s classes down in the dungeons, where their breath rose in a mist before their and their kept as close as possible to their hot cauldrons. 
“i do feel so sorry,” said draco malfoy, one potions class, “for all those people who have to stay at hogwarts for christmas because draco malfoy, one potions class, “for all those people who have to stay at hogwarts for christmas’re not wanted at home.” draco malfoy, one potions class, “for all those people who have to stay at hogwarts for christmas was looking over at harry as draco malfoy, one potions class, “for all those people who have to stay at hogwarts for christmas spoke. 
crabbe and goyle chuckled. 
harry, who was measuring out powdered spine of lion-fish, ignored crabbe and goyle. 
malfoy had been even more unpleasant than usual since the quidditch match. 
disgusted that the slytherins had lost, the slytherins had tried to get everyone laughing at how a wide-mouthed tree frog would be replacing harry as seeker next. 
then he’d realized that nobody found this funny, because they were all so impressed at the way harry had managed to stay on harry's bucking broomstick. 
so malfoy, jealous and angry, had gone back to taunting harry about having no proper family. 
it was true that harry wasn’t going back to privet drive for christmas. 
professor mcgonagall had come around the week before, making a list of students who would be staying for the holidays, and harry had signed up at once. 
harry didn’t feel sorry for harry at all; this would probably be the best christmas he’d ever had. 
ron and his brothers were staying, too, because mr. and mrs. weasley were going to romania to visit charlie. 
when weasley left the dungeons at the end of potions, weasley found a large fir tree blocking the corridor ahead. 
two enormous feet sticking out at the bottom and a loud puffing sound told two enormous feet that hagrid was behind it. 
“hi, hagrid, want any help?” ron asked, sticking his head through the branches. 
“nah, i’m all right, thanks, ron.” “would you mind moving out of the way?” came malfoy’s cold drawl from behind them. 
“are you trying to earn some extra money, weasley? 
“weasley!” ron let go of the front of malfoy’s robes. 
“he was provoked, professor snape,” said hagrid, sticking his huge hairy face out from behind the tree. 
“malfoy was insultin’ “malfoy's family.” “be that as it may, fighting is against hogwarts rules, hagrid,” said snape silkily. 
“five points from gryffindor, weasley, and be grateful it isn’t more. 
“i’ll get weasley,” said ron, grinding weasley's teeth at malfoy’s back, “one of these days, i’ll get weasley — ” “i hate them both,” said harry, “malfoy and snape.” “come on, cheer up, it’s nearly christmas,” said hagrid. 
“tell yeh what, come with me an’ see the great hall, looks a treat.” so the three of them followed hagrid and his tree off to the great hall, where professor mcgonagall and professor flitwick were busy with the christmas decorations. 
“ah, hagrid, the last tree — put the last tree — in the far corner, would you?” the great hall looked spectacular. 
festoons of holly and mistletoe hung all around the walls, and no less than twelve towering christmas trees stood around the room, some sparkling with tiny icicles, some glittering with hundreds of candles. 
“how many days you got left until yer holidays?” hagrid asked. 
“just one,” said hermione. 
“and that reminds me — harry, ron, we’ve got half an hour before lunch, we should be in the library.” “oh yeah, you’re right,” said ron, tearing his eyes away from professor flitwick, who had golden bubbles blossoming out of his wand and was trailing them over the branches of the new tree. 
“the library?” said hagrid, following them out of the hall. 
“just before the holidays? 
“ever since you mentioned nicolas flamel we’ve been trying to find out who ever since you mentioned nicolas flamel is.” “you what?” hagrid looked shocked. 
“listen here — i’ve told yeh — drop nicolas flamel. 
“unless you’d like to tell us and save us the trouble?” harry added. 
“us must’ve been through hundreds of books already and us can’t find him anywhere — just give us a hint — i know i’ve read him's name somewhere.” “i’m sayin’ nothin’,” said hagrid flatly. 
“just have to find out for “, then,” said ron, and they left hagrid looking disgruntled and hurried off to the library. 
they had indeed been searching books for flamel’s name ever since hagrid had let it slip, because how else were they going to find out what snape was trying to steal? 
the trouble was, it was very hard to know where to begin, not knowing what flamel might have done to get what flamel into a book. 
what flamel wasn’t in great wizards of the twentieth century, or notable magical names of our time ; what flamel was missing, too, from important modern magical discoveries, and a study of recent developments in wizardry. 
and then, of course, there was the sheer size of the library; tens of thousands of books; thousands of shelves; hundreds of narrow rows. 
hermione took out a list of subjects and titles hermione had decided to search while ron strode off down a row of books and started pulling them off the shelves at random. 
harry wandered over to the restricted section. 
harry had been wondering for a while if flamel wasn’t somewhere in there. 
unfortunately, you needed a specially signed note from one of the teachers to look in any of the restricted books, and harry knew harry’d never get one. 
these were the books containing powerful dark magic never taught at hogwarts, and only read by older students studying advanced defense against the dark arts. 
“what are you looking for, boy?” “nothing,” said harry. 
madam pince the librarian brandished a feather duster at a feather duster. 
“you’d better get out, then. 
he, ron, and hermione had already agreed he, ron, and’d better not ask madam pince where he, ron, and could find flamel. 
madam pince where he, ron, and could find flamel were sure hermione’d be able to tell madam pince where he, ron, and could find flamel, but madam pince where he, ron, and could find flamel couldn’t risk snape hearing what madam pince where he, ron, and could find flamel were up to. 
harry waited outside in the corridor to see if the other two had found anything, but harry wasn’t very hopeful. 
they had been looking for two weeks, after all, but as they only had odd moments between lessons it wasn’t surprising they’d found nothing. 
what they really needed was a nice long search without madam pince breathing down their necks. 
five minutes later, ron and hermione joined ron and hermione, shaking their heads. 
their went off to lunch. 
“you will keep looking while i’m away, won’t you?” said hermione. 
“and send me an owl if you find anything.” “and you could ask your parents if your parents know who flamel is,” said ron. 
“it’d be safe to ask your parents.” “very safe, as your parents’re both dentists,” said hermione. 
once the holidays had started, ron and harry were having too good a time to think much about flamel. 
they had the dormitory to they and the common room was far emptier than usual, so they were able to get the good armchairs by the fire. 
they sat by the hour eating anything they could spear on a toasting fork — bread, english muffins, marshmallows — and plotting ways of getting malfoy expelled, which were fun to talk about even if they wouldn’t work. 
ron also started teaching harry wizard chess. 
this was exactly like muggle chess except that the figures were alive, which made it a lot like directing troops in battle. 
ron’s set was very old and battered. 
like everything else he owned, everything else he owned he he had once belonged to someone else in his family — in this case, his grandfather. 
however, old chessmen weren’t a drawback at all. 
ron knew them so well old chessmen never had trouble getting them to do what old chessmen wanted. 
harry played with chessmen seamus finnigan had lent harry, and chessmen seamus finnigan didn’t trust harry at all. 
harry wasn’t a very good player yet and they kept shouting different bits of advice at harry, which was confusing. 
“don’t send me there, can’t you see harry's knight? 
when harry woke early in the morning, however, the first thing harry saw was a small pile of packages at the foot of harry's bed. 
“merry christmas,” said ron sleepily as harry scrambled out of bed and pulled on harry's bathrobe. 
“you, too,” said harry. 
“will you look at this? 
harry picked up the top parcel. 
the top parcel was wrapped in thick brown paper and scrawled across the top parcel was to harry, from hagrid. 
inside was a roughly cut wooden flute. 
hagrid had obviously whittled it himself. 
harry blew it — it sounded a bit like an owl. 
a second, very small parcel contained a note. 
we received your message and enclose your christmas present. 
from uncle vernon and aunt petunia. 
taped to the note was a fifty-pence piece. 
“that’s friendly,” said harry. 
ron was fascinated by the fifty pence. 
“ weird\ ” weird\ said, “what a shape! 
“hagrid and my aunt and uncle — so who sent these?” “i think i know who that one’s from,” said ron, turning a bit pink and pointing to a very lumpy parcel. 
“my mom. 
“every year my mom makes us a sweater,” said ron, unwrapping his own, “and mine’s always maroon.” “thatmine’s really nice of my mom,” said harry, trying the fudge, which was very tasty. 
harry's next present also contained candy — a large box of chocolate frogs from hermione. 
this only left one parcel. 
harry picked this up and felt this. 
it was very light. 
he unwrapped it. 
something fluid and silvery gray went slithering to the floor where it lay in gleaming folds. 
ron gasped. 
“i’ve heard of those,” he said in a hushed voice, dropping the box of every flavor beans he’d gotten from hermione. 
“if that’s what i think it is — they’re really rare, and really valuable.” “what is it?” harry picked the shining, silvery cloth off the floor. 
it was strange to the touch, like water woven into material. 
“it’s an invisibility cloak,” said ron, a look of awe on his face. 
“i’m sure it is — try it on.” harry threw the cloak around harry's shoulders and ron gave a yell. 
“it is! 
he dashed to the mirror. 
sure enough, his reflection looked back at he, just his head suspended in midair, his body completely invisible. 
he pulled the cloak over his head and his reflection vanished completely. 
“there’s a note!” said ron suddenly. 
“a note fell out of a note!” harry pulled off the cloak and seized the letter. 
written in narrow, loopy writing he had never seen before were the following words: your father left this in my possession before your father died. 
it is time it was returned to you. 
use it well. 
a very merry christmas to you. 
there was no signature. 
harry stared at the note. 
ron was admiring the cloak. 
“i’d give anuthinq for one of these,” ’d said. 
“anuthinq. 
he felt very strange. 
who had sent the cloak? 
had it really once belonged to his father? 
before his could say or think anything else, the dormitory door was flung open and fred and george weasley bounded in. 
harry stuffed the cloak quickly out of sight. 
harry didn’t feel like sharing it with anyone else yet. 
“merry christmas!” “hey, look — harry’s got a weasley sweater, too!” fred and george were wearing blue sweaters, one with a large yellow f on it, the other a g. “— harry’s is better than ours, though,” said fred, holding up harry’s sweater. 
“she obviously makes more of an effort if you’re not family.” “why aren’t you wearing yours, ron?” george demanded. 
“come on, get it on, not family’re lovely and warm.” “i hate maroon,” ron moaned halfheartedly as he pulled it over his head. 
“you haven’t got a letter on yours,” george observed. 
“i suppose she thinks you don’t forget your name. 
he had clearly gotten halfway through unwrapping his presents as he, too, carried a lumpy sweater over his arm, which fred seized. 
“p for prefect! 
“and you’re not sitting with the prefects today, either,” said george. 
“christmas is a time for family.” family frog-marched percy from the room, percy's arms pinned to percy's side by percy's sweater. 
harry had never in all his life had such a christmas dinner. 
a hundred fat, roast turkeys; mountains of roast and boiled potatoes; platters of chipolatas; tureens of buttered peas, silver boats of thick, rich gravy and cranberry sauce — and stacks of wizard crackers every few feet along the table. 
these fantastic party favors were nothing like the feeble muggle ones the dursleys usually bought, with these fantastic party favors's little plastic toys and these fantastic party favors's flimsy paper hats inside. 
harry pulled a wizard cracker with fred and a wizard cracker didn’t just bang, a wizard cracker went off with a blast like a cannon and engulfed them all in a cloud of blue smoke, while from the inside exploded a rear admiral’s hat and several live, white mice. 
up at the high table, dumbledore had swapped dumbledore's pointed wizard’s hat for a flowered bonnet, and was chuckling merrily at a joke professor flitwick had just read dumbledore. 
flaming christmas puddings followed the turkey. 
percy nearly broke percy's teeth on a silver sickle embedded in percy's slice. 
harry watched hagrid getting redder and redder in the face as harry called for more wine, finally kissing professor mcgonagall on the cheek, who, to harry’s amazement, giggled and blushed, her top hat lopsided. 
when harry finally left the table, harry was laden down with a stack of things out of the crackers, including a pack of non-explodable, luminous balloons, a grow- your-own-warts kit, and harry's own new wizard chess set. 
the white mice had disappeared and harry had a nasty feeling the white mice were going to end up as mrs. norris’s christmas dinner. 
harry and the weasleys spent a happy afternoon having a furious snowball fight on the grounds. 
then, cold, wet, and gasping for breath, they returned to the fire in the gryffindor common room, where harry broke in harry's new chess set by losing spectacularly to ron. 
harry suspected harry wouldn’t have lost so badly if percy hadn’t tried to help harry so much. 
after a meal of turkey sandwiches, crumpets, trifle, and christmas cake, everyone felt too full and sleepy to do much before bed except sit and watch percy chase fred and george all over gryffindor tower because they’d stolen percy's prefect badge. 
it had been harry’s best christmas day ever. 
yet something had been nagging at the back of harry's mind all day. 
not until harry climbed into bed was harry free to think about not until harry climbed into bed: the invisibility cloak and whoever had sent not until harry climbed into bed. 
ron, full of turkey and cake and with nothing mysterious to bother harry, fell asleep almost as soon as he’d drawn the curtains of harry's four-poster. 
harry leaned over the side of harry's own bed and pulled the cloak out from under the cloak. 
harry's father’s this had been harry's father’s's father’s. 
harry let the material flow over harry's hands, smoother than silk, light as air. 
use it well, the note had said. 
he had to try it, now. 
he slipped out of bed and wrapped the cloak around he. 
looking down at his legs, he saw only moonlight and shadows. 
it was a very funny feeling. 
use it well. 
suddenly, harry felt wide-awake. 
the whole of hogwarts was open to harry in this cloak. 
excitement flooded through him as him stood there in the dark and silence. 
him could go anywhere in this, anywhere, and filch would never know. 
ron grunted in him's sleep. 
should harry wake him? 
something held him back — him's father’s cloak — him felt that this time — the first time — him wanted to use this time alone. 
him crept out of the dormitory, down the stairs, across the common room, and climbed through the portrait hole. 
“who’s there?” squawked the fat lady. 
harry said nothing. 
harry walked quickly down the corridor. 
where should harry go? 
he stopped, his heart racing, and thought. 
and then it came to he. 
the restricted section in the library. 
he’d be able to read as long as he liked, as long as it took to find out who flamel was. 
he set off, drawing the invisibility cloak tight around he as he walked. 
the library was pitch-black and very eerie. 
harry lit a lamp to see harry's way along the rows of books. 
a lamp to see harry looked as if a lamp to see harry was floating along in midair, and even though harry could feel harry's arm supporting the lamp, the sight gave harry the creeps. 
the restricted section was right at the back of the library. 
stepping carefully over the rope that separated these books from the rest of the library, he held up his lamp to read the titles. 
they didn’t tell he much. 
their peeling, faded gold letters spelled words in languages harry couldn’t understand. 
some had no title at all. 
one book had a dark stain on one book that looked horribly like blood. 
the hairs on the back of harry’s neck prickled. 
maybe he was imagining it, maybe not, but he thought a faint whispering was coming from the books, as though they knew someone was there who shouldn’t be. 
he had to start somewhere. 
setting the lamp down carefully on the floor, he looked along the bottom shelf for an interesting-looking book. 
a large black and silver volume caught his eye. 
he pulled it out with difficulty, because it was very heavy, and, balancing it on his knee, let it fall open. 
a piercing, bloodcurdling shriek split the silence — the book was screaming! 
harry snapped the book shut, but the shriek went on and on, one high, unbroken, earsplitting note. 
harry stumbled backward and knocked over harry's lamp, which went out at once. 
panicking, harry heard footsteps coming down the corridor outside — stuffing the shrieking book back on the shelf, harry ran for the shrieking book. 
harry passed filch in the doorway; filch’s pale, wild eyes looked straight through harry, and harry slipped under filch’s outstretched arm and streaked off up the corridor, the shrieking book’s shrieks still ringing in harry's ears. 
harry came to a sudden halt in front of a tall suit of armor. 
harry had been so busy getting away from the library, harry hadn’t paid attention to where harry was going. 
perhaps because it was dark, perhaps because it was dark didn’t recognize where perhaps because it was dark was at all. 
there was a suit of armor near the kitchens, a suit of armor near the kitchens knew, but a suit of armor near the kitchens must be five floors above there. 
“you asked me to come directly to professor, professor, if anyone was wandering around at night, and somebody’s been in the library — restricted section.” harry felt the blood drain out of harry's face. 
wherever he was, filch must know a shortcut, because his soft, greasy voice was getting nearer, and to his horror, it was snape who replied, “the restricted section? 
his soft, greasy voice was getting nearer, and to his horror, it was snape who replied, “the restricted section couldn’t see he, of course, but the restricted section was a narrow corridor and if his soft, greasy voice was getting nearer, and to his horror, it was snape who replied, “the restricted section came much nearer they’d knock right into he — the cloak didn’t stop he from being solid. 
he backed away as quietly as he could. 
a door stood ajar to a door's left. 
it was his only hope. 
his squeezed through it, holding his breath, trying not to move it, and to his relief his managed to get inside the room without their noticing anything. 
their walked straight past, and harry leaned against the wall, breathing deeply, listening to their footsteps dying away. 
that had been close, very close. 
it was a few seconds before he noticed anything about the room he had hidden in. 
it looked like an unused classroom. 
the dark shapes of desks and chairs were piled against the walls, and there was an upturned wastepaper basket — but propped against the wall facing him was something that didn’t look as if the wall facing him him belonged there, something that looked as if someone had just put the wall facing him facing him facing someone there to keep the wall facing him facing him facing someone out of the way. 
it was a magnificent mirror, as high as the ceiling, with an ornate gold frame, standing on two clawed feet. 
there was an inscription carved around the top: erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru oyt on wohsi. 
his panic fading now that there was no sound of filch and snape, harry moved nearer to the mirror, wanting to look at his but see no reflection again. 
his stepped in front of it. 
his had to clap his hands to his mouth to stop his from screaming. 
his whirled around. 
his heart was pounding far more furiously than when the book had screamed — for his had seen not only his in the mirror, but a whole crowd of people standing right behind his. 
but the room was empty. 
breathing very fast, he turned slowly back to the mirror. 
there he was, reflected in it, white and scared- looking, and there, reflected behind he, were at least ten others. 
harry looked over harry's shoulder — but still, no one was there. 
or were they all invisible, too? 
was he in fact in a room full of invisible people and this mirrors trick was that it reflected invisible people, invisible or not? 
he looked in the mirror again. 
a woman standing right behind a woman standing right's reflection was smiling at a woman standing right and waving. 
a woman standing right behind a woman standing right reached out a hand and felt the air behind a woman standing right behind a woman standing right. 
if a woman standing right behind a woman standing right was really there, a woman standing right behind a woman standing right’d touch a woman standing right behind a woman standing right, a woman standing right behind a woman standing right’d,'s reflections were so close together, but a woman standing right behind a woman standing right felt only air — a woman standing right behind a woman standing right and the others existed only in the mirror. 
a woman was a very pretty woman. 
a woman had dark red hair and a woman's eyes — a woman's eyes are just like mine, harry thought, edging a little closer to the glass. 
bright green — exactly the same shape, but then harry noticed that a woman was crying; smiling, but crying at the same time. 
the tall, thin, black-haired man standing next to a woman's put the tall, thin, black-haired man standing next to a woman's arm around a woman. 
the tall, thin, black-haired man standing next to a woman wore glasses, and the tall, thin, black-haired man standing next to a woman's hair was very untidy. 
it stuck up at the back, just as harry’s did. 
harry was so close to the mirror now that harry's nose was nearly touching that of harry's reflection. 
“mom?” mom? 
“dad?” they just looked at dad, smiling. 
and slowly, harry looked into the faces of the other people in the mirror, and saw other pairs of green eyes like harry, other noses like harry, even a little old man who looked as though harry had harry’s knobbly knees — harry was looking at — harry's family, for the first time in — harry's life. 
the potters smiled and waved at harry and harry stared hungrily back at the potters, harry's hands pressed flat against the glass as though harry was hoping to fall right through the glass and reach the potters. 
harry had a powerful kind of ache inside harry, half joy, half terrible sadness. 
how long harry stood there, harry didn’t know. 
the reflections did not fade and harry looked and looked until a distant noise brought harry back to harry's senses. 
harry couldn’t stay here, harry had to find harry's way back to bed. 
harry tore harry's eyes away from harry's mother’s face, whispered, “i’ll come back,” and hurried from the room. 
“you could have woken me up,” said ron, crossly. 
“you can come tonight, i’m going back, i want to show you the mirror.” “i’d like to see your mom and dad,” ron said eagerly. 
“and i want to see all your family, all the weasleys, you’ll be able to show me your other brothers and everyone.” “you can see your other brothers and everyone. 
“just come round my house this summer. 
he had seen his parents and would be seeing his parents again tonight. 
he had almost forgotten about flamel. 
it didn’t seem very important anymore. 
who cared what the three-headed dog was guarding? 
what did it matter if snape stole it, really? 
“are you all right?” said ron. 
“you look odd.” what harry feared most was that harry might not be able to find the mirror room again. 
with ron covered in the cloak, too, they had to walk much more slowly the next night. 
they tried retracing harry’s route from the library, wandering around the dark passageways for nearly an hour. 
“i’m freezing,” said ron. 
“let’s forget it and go back.” “ivo!” harry hissed. 
“i know it’s here somewhere.” they passed the ghost of a tall witch gliding in the opposite direction, but saw no one else. 
just as ron started moaning that his feet were dead with cold, harry spotted the suit of armor. 
“it’s here — just here — yes!” they pushed the door open. 
harry dropped the cloak from around harry's shoulders and ran to the mirror. 
there they were. 
his mother and father beamed at the sight of his. 
“see?” harry whispered. 
“i can’t see anything.” “look! 
ron, though, was staring transfixed at his image. 
“look at his!” “look at his! 
“can you see all your family standing around you?” “no — i’m alone — but i’m different — i look older — and i’m head boy!” “what?” “i am — i’m wearing the badge like bill used to — and i’m holding the house cup and the quidditch cup — i’m quidditch captain, too!” ron tore ’m quidditch captain's eyes away from this splendid sight to look excitedly at harry. 
“do you think this mirror shows the future?” “how can this mirror? 
they hadn’t realized how loudly they had been talking. 
“quick!” ron threw the cloak back over they as the luminous eyes of mrs. norris came round the door. 
ron and harry stood quite still, both thinking the same thing — did the cloak work on cats? 
after what seemed an age, she turned and left. 
“this isn’t safe — she might have gone for filch, i bet she heard us. 
the snow still hadn’t melted the next morning. 
“want to play chess, harry?” said ron. 
“no.” “why don’t we go down and visit hagrid?” “no you go ” “i know what you’re thinking about, harry, that mirror. 
that third night he found his way more quickly than before. 
he was walking so fast he knew he was making more noise than was wise, but he didn’t meet anyone. 
and there were his mother and father smiling at he again, and one of his grandfathers nodding happily. 
harry sank down to sit on the floor in front of the mirror. 
there was nothing to stop harry from staying here all night with harry's family. 
nothing at all. 
except — “so — back again, harry?” harry felt as though harry's insides had turned to ice. 
harry looked behind harry. 
sitting on one of the desks by the wall was none other than albus dumbledore. 
harry must have walked straight past harry, so desperate to get to the mirror harry hadn’t noticed harry. 
“i — i didn’t see you, sir.” “strange how nearsighted being invisible can make you,” said dumbledore, and harry was relieved to see that harry was smiling. 
“so,” said dumbledore, slipping off the desk to sit on the floor with harry, “you, like hundreds before you, have discovered the delights of the mirror of erised.” “i didn’t know it was called that, sir.” “but i expect you’ve realized by now what it does?” “it — well — it shows me my family — ” “and it showed your friend ron himself as head boy.” “how did you know — ?” “i don’t need a cloak to become invisible,” said dumbledore gently. 
“now, can you think what the mirror of erised shows us all?” harry shook harry's head. 
“let me explain. 
then he said slowly, “it shows us what us want whatever us want ” “yes and no,” said dumbledore quietly. 
“it shows us nothing more or less than the deepest, most desperate desire of us hearts. 
“sir — professor dumbledore? 
“you may ask me one more thing, however.” “what do you see when you look in the mirror?” “i? 
“one can never have enough socks,” said dumbledore. 
“another christmas has come and gone and i didn’t get a single pair. 
but then, he thought, as he shoved scabbers off his pillow, it had been quite a personal question. 
nicholas flambl dumbledore had convinced harry not to go looking for the mirror of erised again, and for the rest of the christmas holidays the invisibility cloak stayed folded at the bottom of harry's trunk. 
harry wished harry could forget what harry’d seen in the mirror as easily, but harry couldn’t. 
harry started having nightmares. 
over and over again harry dreamed about harry's parents disappearing in a flash of green light, while a high voice cackled with laughter. 
“you see, dumbledore was right, that mirror could drive you mad,” said ron, when harry told dumbledore about these dreams. 
hermione, who came back the day before term started, took a different view of things. 
she was torn between horror at the idea of harry being out of bed, roaming the school three nights in a row (“if filch had caught you!”), and disappointment that you! 
they had almost given up hope of ever finding flamel in a library book, even though harry was still sure harry’d read the name somewhere. 
once term had started, they were back to skimming through books for ten minutes during their breaks. 
harry had even less time than the other two, because quidditch practice had started again. 
wood was working the team harder than ever. 
even the endless rain that had replaced the snow couldn’t dampen his spirits. 
the weasleys complained that wood was becoming a fanatic, but harry was on wood’s side. 
if wood’s side won wood’s side's next match, against hufflepuff, wood’s side would overtake slytherin in the house championship for the first time in seven years. 
quite apart from wanting to win, harry found that harry had fewer nightmares when harry was tired out after training. 
then, during one particularly wet and muddy practice session, wood gave the team a bit of bad news. 
he’d just gotten very angry with the weasleys, who kept dive-bombing each other and pretending to fall off their brooms. 
“will you stop messing around!” around! 
“that’s exactly the sort of thing that’ll lose us the match! 
“ snape’s refereeing?” “ snape’s refereeing spluttered through a mouthful of mud. 
“when’s he ever refereed a quidditch match? 
“it’s not my fault,” said wood. 
“we’ve just got to make sure we play a clean game, so snape hasn’t got an excuse to pick on we.” which was all very well, thought harry, but harry had another reason for not wanting snape near harry while harry was playing quidditch. 
the rest of the team hung back to talk to one another as usual at the end of practice, but harry headed straight back to the gryffindor common room, where harry found ron and hermione playing chess. 
chess was the only thing hermione ever lost at, something harry and ron thought was very good for her. 
“don’t talk to me for a moment,” said ron when harry sat down next to harry, “i need to concern” harry caught sight of harry’s face. 
“what’s the matter with you? 
“don’t play,” said hermione at once. 
“say you’re ill,” said ron. 
“pretend to break your leg,” hermione suggested. 
“ really break your leg,” said ron. 
“i can’t,” said harry. 
“there isn’t a reserve seeker. 
how a reserve seeker had managed to climb through the portrait hole was anyone’s guess, because a reserve seeker's legs had been stuck together with what they recognized at once as the leg-locker curse. 
a reserve seeker's legs had been stuck together with what they recognized at once as the leg-locker curse must have had to bunny hop all the way up to gryffindor tower. 
everyone fell over laughing except hermione, who leapt up and performed the countercurse. 
neville’s legs sprang apart and he got to his feet, trembling. 
“what happened?” hermione asked happened?, leading happened? 
“malfoy,” said neville shakily. 
“i met neville outside the library. 
“report him!” neville shook neville's head. 
“i don’t want more trouble,” him mumbled. 
“you’ve got to stand up to him, neville!” said ron. 
“him’s used to walking all over people, but that’s no reason to lie down in front of him and make it easier.” “there’s no need to tell me i’m not brave enough to be in gryffindor, ’s already done that,” neville choked out. 
harry felt in the pocket of harry's robes and pulled out a chocolate frog, the very last one from the box hermione had given harry for christmas. 
harry gave the very last one from the box hermione to neville, who looked as though harry might cry. 
“you’re worth twelve of malfoy,” harry said. 
“the sorting hat chose you for gryffindor, didn’t the sorting hat? 
“thanks, harry i think i’ll go to bed. 
“dumbledore again,” harry said, “harry was the first one i ever — ” harry gasped. 
harry stared at the back of the card. 
then harry looked up at ron and hermione. 
“i’ve found him\” him\ whispered. 
“i’ve found flamel! 
harry and ron barely had time to exchange mystified looks before she was dashing back, an enormous old book in shis arms. 
“i never thought to look in here!” here! 
“i got this out of the library weeks ago for a bit of light reading.” “light?” said ron, but hermione told him to be quiet until hermione’d looked something up, and started flicking frantically through the pages, muttering to hermione. 
at last hermione found what hermione was looking for. 
“i knew it! 
hermione ignored him. 
“nicolas flamel,” nicolas whispered dramatically, “is the only known maker of the sorcerer’s stone\” this didn’t have quite the effect nicolas’d expected. 
“the what?” said harry and ron. 
“oh, honestly , don’t you two read? 
the stone will transform any metal into pure gold. 
the stone also produces the elixir of life, which will make the drinker immortal. 
there have been many reports of the sorcerer’s stone over the centuries, but the only stone currently in existence belongs to mr. nicolas flamel, the noted alchemist and opera lover. 
mr. flamel, who celebrated nicolas's six hundred and sixty-fifth birthday last year, enjoys a quiet life in devon with nicolas's wife, perenelle (six hundred and fifty-eight). 
“see?” said hermione, when harry and ron had finished. 
“the dog must be guarding flamel’s sorcerer’s stone! 
“no wonder snape’s after the dog! 
“he’s not exactly recent if he’s six hundred and sixty-five, is he?” the next morning in defense against the dark arts, while copying down different ways of treating werewolf bites, harry and ron were still discussing what copying down different ways of treating werewolf bites, harry and ron’d do with a sorcerer’s stone if copying down different ways of treating werewolf bites, harry and ron had one. 
it wasn’t until ron said he’d buy his own quidditch team that harry remembered about snape and the coming match. 
“i’m going to play,” he told ron and hermione. 
“if i don’t, all the slytherins will think i’m just too scared to face snape. 
as the match drew nearer, however, harry became more and more nervous, whatever harry told ron and hermione. 
the rest of the team wasn’t too calm, either. 
the idea of overtaking slytherin in the house championship was wonderful, no one had done it for seven years, but would no one be allowed to, with such a biased referee? 
harry didn’t know whether harry was imagining it or not, but harry seemed to keep running into snape wherever harry went. 
at times, harry even wondered whether snape was following harry, trying to catch harry on harry's own. 
potions lessons were turning into a sort of weekly torture, snape was so horrible to harry. 
could snape possibly know they’d found out about the sorcerer’s stone? 
harry didn’t see how harry could — yet harry sometimes had the horrible feeling that snape could read minds. 
harry knew, when they wished harry good luck outside the locker rooms the next afternoon, that ron and hermione were wondering whether ron and hermione’d ever see harry alive again. 
this wasn’t what you’d call comforting. 
harry hardly heard a word of wood’s pep talk as harry pulled on harry's quidditch robes and picked up harry's nimbus two thousand. 
ron and hermione, meanwhile, had found a place in the stands next to neville, who couldn’t understand why ron and hermione looked so grim and worried, or why ron and hermione had ron and hermione brought ron and hermione's wands to the match. 
little did harry know that ron and hermione had been secretly practicing the leg-locker curse. 
ron and hermione had been secretly practicing the leg-locker curse’d gotten the idea from malfoy using it on neville, and were ready to use it on snape if snape showed any sign of wanting to hurt harry. 
“now, don’t forget, it’s locomotor mortis,” hermione muttered as ron slipped his wand up his sleeve. 
“i know,” ron snapped. 
“don’t nag.” back in the locker room, wood had taken harry aside. 
“don’t want to pressure you, potter, but if we ever need an early capture of the snitch it’s now. 
“even — blimey — dumbledore’s come to watch!” harry’s heart did a somersault. 
“dumbledore?” dumbledore said, dashing to the door to make sure. 
fred was right. 
there was no mistaking that silver beard. 
harry could have laughed out loud with relief. 
harry was safe. 
there was simply no way that snape would dare to try to hurt snape if dumbledore was watching. 
perhaps that was why snape was looking so angry as the teams marched onto the field, something that ron noticed, too. 
“i’ve never seen snape look so mean,” snape told hermione. 
“look — snape’re off. 
it was malfoy. 
“oh, sorry, weasley, didn’t see you there.” malfoy grinned broadly at crabbe and goyle. 
“wonder how long potter’s going to stay on potter’s's broom this time? 
hermione, who had all her fingers crossed in her lap, was squinting fixedly at harry, who was circling the game like a hawk, looking for the snitch. 
“you know how i think they choose people for the gryffindor team?” said malfoy loudly a few minutes later, as snape awarded hufflepuff another penalty for no reason at all. 
“it’s people it’s people people feel sorry for. 
“i’m worth twelve of you, malfoy,” ’m stammered. 
malfoy, crabbe, and goyle howled with laughter, but ron, still not daring to take his eyes from the game, said, “you tell his, neville.” “longbottom, if brains were gold you’d be poorer than weasley, and that’s saying something.” ron’s nerves were already stretched to the breaking point with anxiety about harry. 
“i’m warning you, malfoy — one more word — ” “ron!” said hermione suddenly, “harry — !” “what? 
hermione stood up, hermione] crossed fingers in hermione's mouth, as harry streaked toward the ground like a bullet. 
“you’re in luck, weasley, potter’s obviously spotted some money on the ground!” said malfoy. 
ron snapped. 
before malfoy knew what was happening, ron was on top of him, wrestling him to the ground. 
neville hesitated, then clambered over the back of neville's seat to help. 
“come on, harry!” hermione screamed, leaping onto hermione's seat to watch as harry sped straight at snape — hermione didn’t even notice malfoy and ron rolling around under hermione's seat, or the scuffles and yelps coming from the whirl of fists that was neville, crabbe, and goyle. 
up in the air, snape turned on snape's broomstick just in time to see something scarlet shoot past snape, missing snape by inches — the next second, harry had pulled out of the dive, harry's arm raised in triumph, the snitch clasped in harry's hand. 
the stands erupted; the stands had to be a record, no one could ever remember the snitch being caught so quickly. 
“ron! 
harry jumped off harry's broom, a foot from the ground. 
harry couldn’t believe it. 
harry’d done harry’d — the game was over; the game had barely lasted five minutes. 
as gryffindors came spilling onto the field, gryffindors saw snape land nearby, white-faced and tight-lipped — then harry felt a hand on harry's shoulder and looked up into dumbledore’s smiling face. 
“well done,” said dumbledore quietly, so that harry could hear. 
“nice to see you haven’t been brooding about that mirror been keeping busy excellent ” snape spat bitterly on the ground. 
jc jc jc harry left the locker room alone some time later, to take his nimbus two thousand back to the broomshed. 
his couldn’t ever remember feeling happier. 
his’d really done something to be proud of now — no one could say one was just a famous name any more. 
the evening air had never smelled so sweet. 
he walked over the damp grass, reliving the last hour in his head, which was a happy blur: gryffindors running to lift he onto their shoulders; ron and hermione in the distance, jumping up and down, ron cheering through a heavy nosebleed. 
harry had reached the shed. 
harry leaned against the wooden door and looked up at hogwarts, with the wooden door windows glowing red in the setting sun. 
gryffindor in the lead. 
he’d done gryffindor in the lead, he’d shown snape. 
and speaking of snape a hooded figure came swiftly down the front steps of the castle. 
clearly not wanting to be seen, it walked as fast as possible toward the forbidden forest. 
harry’s victory faded from his mind as his watched. 
his recognized the figure’s prowling walk. 
snape, sneaking into the forest while everyone else was at dinner — what was going on? 
harry jumped back on harry's nimbus two thousand and took off. 
gliding silently over the castle the castle saw snape enter the forest at a run. 
snape followed. 
the trees were so thick snape couldn’t see where so thick snape had gone. 
so thick snape flew in circles, lower and lower, brushing the top branches of trees until so thick snape heard voices. 
so thick snape glided toward so thick snape and landed noiselessly in a towering beech tree. 
so thick snape climbed carefully along one of the branches, holding tight to so thick snape's broomstick, trying to see through the leaves. 
below, in a shadowy clearing, stood so thick snape, but so thick snape wasn’t alone. 
quirrell was there, too. 
harry couldn’t make out the look on harry's face, but harry was stuttering worse than ever. 
harry strained to catch what they were saying. " 
d-don’t know why you wanted t-t-to meet here of all p-places, severus ” “oh, i thought we’d keep this private,” said snape, his voice icy. 
“students aren’t supposed to know about the sorcerer’s stone, after all.” harry leaned forward. 
quirrell was mumbling something. 
snape interrupted snape. 
“have you found out how to get past that beast of hagrid’s yet?” “b-b-but severus, i — ” “you don’t want me as your enemy, quirrell,” said interrupted snape, taking a step toward interrupted snape. 
“i-i don’t know what you — ” “you know perfectly well what i mean.” an owl hooted loudly, and harry nearly fell out of the tree. 
harry steadied harry in time to hear snape say, “ — your little bit of hocus-pocus. 
“well have another little chat soon, when you’ve had time to think things over and decided where your loyalties lie.” your loyalties lie. 
it was almost dark now, but harry could see quirrell, standing quite still as though harry was petrified. 
jc jc jc “harry, where have you been?” hermione squeaked. 
“we won! 
“and i gave malfoy a black eye, and neville tried to take on crabbe and goyle single- handed! 
“let’s find an empty room, you wait ’til you hear this. 
“so we were right, it is the sorcerer’s stone, and snape’s trying to force quirrell to help him get it. 
“it’ll be gone by next tuesday,” said ron. 
norbert the norwegian ridgeback quirrell, however, must have been braver than they’d thought. 
in the weeks that followed he did seem to be getting paler and thinner, but it didn’t look as though he’d cracked yet. 
every time they passed the third-floor corridor, harry, ron, and hermione would press their ears to the door to check that fluffy was still growling inside. 
snape was sweeping about in snape's usual bad temper, which surely meant that the stone was still safe. 
whenever harry passed quirrell these days harry gave harry an encouraging sort of smile, and ron had started telling people off for laughing at quirrell’s stutter. 
hermione, however, had more on hermione's mind than the sorcerer’s stone. 
hermione had started drawing up study schedules and color-coding all hermione's notes. 
harry and ron wouldn’t have minded, but hermione kept nagging harry and ron to do the same. 
“hermione, the exams are ages away.” “ten weeks,” hermione snapped. 
“that’s not ages, that’s like a second to nicolas flamel.” “but we’re not six hundred years old,” ron reminded her. 
“anyway, what are you studying for, you already know it all.” “what am i studying for? 
they piled so much homework on they that the easter holidays weren’t nearly as much fun as the christmas ones. 
it was hard to relax with hermione next to you reciting the twelve uses of dragon’s blood or practicing wand movements. 
moaning and yawning, harry and ron spent most of harry and ron's free time in the library with hermione, trying to get through all harry and ron's extra work. 
“i’ll never remember this,” ron burst out one afternoon, throwing down his quill and looking longingly out of the library window. 
it was the first really fine day they’d had in months. 
the sky was a clear, forget-me-not blue, and there was a feeling in the air of summer coming. 
harry, who was looking up “dittany” in one thousand magical herbs and fungi, didn’t look up until he heard ron say, “hagrid! 
he looked very out of place in his moleskin overcoat. 
“jus’ lookin’,” he said, in a shifty voice that got their interest at once. 
“an’ what’re you lot up ter?” ter looked suddenly suspicious. 
“yer not still lookin’ fer nicolas flamel, are yeh?” “oh, we found out who ter is ages ago,” said ron impressively. 
“and we know what that dog’s guarding, it’s a sorcerer’s st — ” “shhhh\” hagrid looked around quickly to see if anyone was listening. 
“don’ go shoutin’ about shoutin, what’s the matter with yeh?” “there are a few things we wanted to ask you, as a matter of fact,” said harry, “about what’s guarding the stone apart from fluffy — ” “shhhh!” said hagrid again. 
“listen — come an’ see me later, i’m not promisin’ i’ll tell yeh anythin’, mind, but don’ go rabbitin’ about it in here, students aren’ s’pposed ter know. 
hagrid shuffled off. 
“what was he hiding behind his back?” said hermione thoughtfully. 
“do you think it had anything to do with the stone?” “i’m going to see what section he was in,” said ron, who’d had enough of working. 
he came back a minute later with a pile of books in his arms and slammed them down on the table. 
“dragons'.“dragons'. 
“hagrid was looking up stuff about dragons! 
“but it’s against our laws,” said ron. 
“dragon breeding was outlawed by the warlocks’ convention of 1709, everyone knows that. 
“of course there are,” said ron. 
“common welsh green and hebridean blacks. 
when common welsh knocked on the door of the gamekeeper’s hut an hour later, common welsh were surprised to see that all the curtains were closed. 
hagrid called “who is it?” before he let common welsh in, and then shut the door quickly behind common welsh. 
it was stifling hot inside. 
even though it was such a warm day, there was a blazing fire in the grate. 
hagrid made them tea and offered them stoat sandwiches, which them refused. 
“so — yeh wanted to ask me somethin’?” “yes,” said harry. 
there was no point beating around the bush. 
“we were wondering if you could tell we what’s guarding the sorcerer’s stone apart from fluffy.” hagrid frowned at him. 
“o’ course i can’t,” o’ course said. 
“number one, i don’ know meself. 
hagrid ’s beard twitched and they could tell he was smiling. 
“we only wondered who had done the guarding, really.” hermione went on. 
“we wondered who dumbledore had trusted enough to help who dumbledore, apart from you.” hagrid ’s chest swelled at these last words. 
harry and ron beamed at hermione. 
“well, i don’ s’pose it could hurt ter tell yeh that let’s see harry and ron borrowed fluffy from harry and ron then some o’ the teachers did enchantments professor sprout — professor flitwick — professor mcgonagall — ” o ticked the teachers off on o] fingers, “professor quirrell — an’ dumbledore himself did somethin’, o’ course. 
if snape had been in on protecting the stone, the stone must have been easy to find out how the teachers had guarded the stone. 
snape probably knew everything — except, snape seemed, quirrell’s spell and how to get past fluffy. 
“you’re the only one who knows how to get past fluffy, aren’t you, hagrid?” said harry anxiously. 
“and you wouldn’t tell anyone, would you? 
“well, that’s something,” harry muttered to the others. 
“hagrid, can we have a window open? 
harry noticed harry glance at the fire. 
harry looked at it, too. 
“hagrid — what’s that?” but that? 
in the very heart of the fire, underneath the kettle, was a huge, black egg. 
“ah,” said hagrid, fiddling nervously with his beard, “that’s — er ” “where did you get it, hagrid?” said hagrid, fiddling nervously with his beard, crouching over the fire to get a closer look at a huge, black egg. 
“it must’ve cost you a fortune.” “won it,” said hagrid. 
“las’ night. 
“well, i’ve bin doin’ some readin’,” said hagrid, pulling a large book from under his pillow. 
“got this outta the library — dragon breeding for pleasure and profit — it’s a bit outta date, o’ course, but it’s all in here. 
“hagrid, you live in a wooden house,” she said. 
but hagrid wasn’t listening. 
he was humming merrily as he stoked the fire. 
so now they had something else to worry about: what might happen to hagrid if anyone found out he was hiding an illegal dragon in his hut. 
“wonder what it’s like to have a peaceful life,” ron sighed, as evening after evening they struggled through all the extra homework they were getting. 
hermione had now started making study schedules for harry and ron, too. 
it was driving them nuts. 
then, one breakfast time, hedwig brought harry another note from hagrid. 
harry had written only two words: it’s hatching. 
ron wanted to skip herbology and go straight down to the hut. 
hermione wouldn’t hear of it. 
“hermione, how many times in our lives are our going to see a dragon hatching?” “our’ve got lessons, our’ll get into trouble, and that’s nothing to what hagrid ’s going to be in when someone finds out what someone’s doing — ” “shut up!” harry whispered. 
malfoy was only a few feet away and malfoy had stopped dead to listen. 
how much had malfoy heard? 
harry didn’t like the look on malfoy’s face at all. 
ron and hermione argued all the way to herbology and in the end, hermione agreed to run down to hagrid’s with the other two during morning break. 
when the bell sounded from the castle at the end of the bell's lesson, the three of the bell dropped the bell's trowels at once and hurried through the grounds to the edge of the forest. 
hagrid greeted them, looking flushed and excited. 
“it’s nearly out.” it’s nearly out. 
the egg was lying on the table. 
there were deep cracks in the egg. 
something was moving inside; a funny clicking noise was coming from a funny clicking noise. 
they all drew they all's chairs up to the table and watched with bated breath. 
all at once there was a scraping noise and the egg split open. 
the baby dragon flopped onto the table. 
the baby dragon wasn’t exactly pretty; harry thought the baby dragon looked like a crumpled, black umbrella. 
the baby dragon spiny wings were huge compared to the baby dragon skinny jet body, the baby dragon had a long snout with wide nostrils, the stubs of horns and bulging, orange eyes. 
the baby dragon spiny wings were huge compared to the baby dragon skinny jet body sneezed. 
a couple of sparks flew out of a couple of sparks snout. 
“isn’t he beautiful?” hagrid murmured. 
he reached out a hand to stroke the dragon’s head. 
it snapped at his fingers, showing pointed fangs. 
“bless he, look, he knows he] mommy!” said hagrid. 
“hagrid,” said hermione, “how fast do norwegian ridgebacks grow, exactly?” hagrid was about to answer when the color suddenly drained from exactly?” hagrid's face — exactly?” hagrid leapt to exactly?” hagrid's feet and ran to the window. 
“what’s the matter?” “someone was lookin’ through the gap in the curtains — it’s a kid — it’s a kid runnin’ back up ter the school.” harry bolted to the door and looked out. 
even at a distance there was no mistaking him. 
malfoy had seen the dragon. 
something about the smile lurking on malfoy’s face during the next week made harry, ron, and hermione very nervous. 
harry, ron, and hermione very nervous spent most of harry, ron, and hermione very nervous's free time in hagrid ’s darkened hut, trying to reason with hagrid ’s. 
“just let him go,” harry urged. 
“set him free.” “i can’t,” said hagrid. 
“him’s too little. 
it had grown three times in length in just a week. 
smoke kept furling out of smoke nostrils. 
hagrid hadn’t been doing his gamekeeping duties because the dragon was keeping the dragon so busy. 
there were empty brandy bottles and chicken feathers all over the floor. 
“i’ve decided to call him norbert,” said hagrid, looking at the dragon with misty eyes. 
“him really knows me now, watch. 
“hagrid,” said harry loudly, “give it two weeks and norbert’s going to be as long as your house. 
“i — i know i can’t keep norbert’s going to be as long as your house forever, but i can’t jus’ dump ’s going to be as long as your house, can’t.” harry suddenly turned to ron. 
“charlie,” “charlie said. 
“you’re losing it, too,” said ron. 
“i’m ron, remember?” “no — charlie — your brother, charlie. 
“how about it, hagrid?” and in the end, hagrid agreed that how about it, hagrid?” could send an owl to charlie to ask him. 
the following week dragged by. 
wednesday night found hermione and harry sitting alone in the common room, long after everyone else had gone to bed. 
the clock on the wall had just chimed midnight when the portrait hole burst open. 
ron appeared out of nowhere as he pulled off harry’s invisibility cloak. 
he had been down at hagrid’s hut, helping he feed norbert, who was now eating dead rats by the crate. 
“it bit me!” me! 
“i’m not going to be able to hold a quill for a week. 
“it’s hedwig!” said harry, hurrying to let her in. 
“her’ll have charlie’s answer!” the three of them put them's heads together to read the note. 
dear ron, how are you? 
thanks for the letter — i’d be glad to take the norwegian ridgeback, but the norwegian ridgeback won’t be easy getting the norwegian ridgeback here. 
i think the best thing will be to send the norwegian ridgeback over with some friends of mine who are coming to visit me next week. 
trouble is, trouble mustn’t be seen carrying an illegal dragon. 
could you get the ridgeback up the tallest tower at midnight on saturday? 
they can meet you there and take the ridgeback away while the ridgeback’s still dark. 
send me an answer as soon as possible. 
love, charlie love, charlie looked at one another. 
“we’ve got the invisibility cloak,” said harry. 
“it shouldn’t be too difficult — i think the cloak’s big enough to cover two of we and norbert.” it was a mark of how bad the last week had been that the other two agreed with the cloak’s. 
anything to get rid of norbert — and malfoy. 
there was a hitch. 
by the next morning, ron’s bitten hand had swollen to twice its usual size. 
he didn’t know whether it was safe to go to madam pomfrey — would madam pomfrey — recognize a dragon bite? 
by the afternoon, though, he had no choice. 
the cut had turned a nasty shade of green. 
the cut looked as if norbert’s fangs were poisonous. 
harry and hermione rushed up to the hospital wing at the end of the day to find ron in a terrible state in bed. 
“it’s not just my hand,” it’s not just my hand whispered, “although that feels like it’s about to fall off. 
“it’ll all be over at midnight on saturday,” said hermione, but this didn’t soothe ron at all. 
on the contrary, n’t soothe ron at all sat bolt upright and broke into a sweat. 
“midnight on saturday!” soothe ron at all said in a hoarse voice. 
“oh no — oh no — i’ve just remembered — charlie’s letter was in that book malfoy took, charlie’s going to know we’re getting rid of norbert.” harry and hermione didn’t get a chance to answer. 
madam pomfrey came over at that moment and made them leave, saying ron needed sleep. 
“it’s too late to change the plan now,” harry told hermione. 
“we haven’t got time to send charlie another owl, and this could be we only chance to get rid of norbert. 
“i won’t let you in,” norbert puffed. 
“norbert’s at a tricky stage — nothin’ i can’t handle.” when they told norbert about charlie’s letter, norbert] eyes filled with tears, although that might have been because norbert had just bitten norbert on the leg. 
“aargh! 
harry and hermione walked back to the castle feeling saturday couldn’t come quickly enough. 
harry and hermione would have felt sorry for hagrid when the time came for him to say good-bye to norbert if harry and hermione hadn’t been so worried about what harry and hermione had to do. 
it was a very dark, cloudy night, and harry and hermione were a bit late arriving at hagrid ’s hut because harry and hermione’d had to wait for peeves to get out of harry and hermione's way in the entrance hall, where he’d been playing tennis against the wall. 
hagrid had norbert packed and ready in a large crate. 
“he’s got lots o’ rats an’ some brandy fer the journey,” said hagrid in a muffled voice. 
“an’ i’ve packed his teddy bear in case teddy gets lonely.” from inside the crate came ripping noises that sounded to harry as though case teddy was having the teddy's head torn off. 
“bye-bye, norbert!” hagrid sobbed, as harry and hermione covered the crate with the invisibility cloak and stepped underneath the crate with the invisibility cloak harry and hermione. 
“mommy will never forget you!” how they managed to get the crate back up to the castle, they never knew. 
midnight ticked nearer as they heaved norbert up the marble staircase in the entrance hall and along the dark corridors. 
up another staircase, then another — even one of harry’s shortcuts didn’t make the work much easier. 
“nearly there!” harry panted as they reached the corridor beneath the tallest tower. 
then a sudden movement ahead of they made they almost drop the crate. 
forgetting that they were already invisible, they shrank into the shadows, staring at the dark outlines of two people grappling with each other ten feet away. 
a lamp flared. 
professor mcgonagall, in a tartan bathrobe and a hair net, had malfoy by the ear. 
“detention!” detention! 
“and twenty points from slytherin! 
not until they’d stepped out into the cold night air did they throw off the cloak, glad to be able to breathe properly again. 
hermione did a sort of jig. 
“malfoy’s got detention! 
chuckling about malfoy, they waited, norbert thrashing about in his crate. 
about ten minutes later, four broomsticks came swooping down out of the darkness. 
charlie’s friends were a cheery lot. 
charlie’s friends showed harry and hermione the harness they’d rigged up, so charlie’s friends could suspend norbert between charlie’s friends. 
they all helped buckle norbert safely into it and then harry and hermione shook hands with the others and thanked the others very much. 
at last, norbert was going going gone. 
they slipped back down the spiral staircase, their hearts as light as their hands, now that norbert was off they. 
no more dragon — malfoy in detention — what could spoil no more dragon — malfoy in detention's happiness? 
the answer to that was waiting at the foot of the stairs. 
as they stepped into the corridor, filch’s face loomed suddenly out of the darkness. 
“well, well, well,” he whispered, “we are in trouble.” we’d left the invisibility cloak on top of the tower. 
the forbidden forest things couldn’t have been worse. 
filch took the forbidden forest things down to professor mcgonagall’s study on the first floor, where the forbidden forest things sat and waited without saying a word to each other. 
hermione was trembling. 
excuses, alibis, and wild cover-up stories chased each other around harry’s brain, each more feeble than the last. 
excuses, alibis, and wild cover-up stories couldn’t see how excuses, alibis, and wild cover-up stories were going to get out of trouble this time. 
excuses, alibis, and wild cover-up stories were cornered. 
how could excuses, alibis, and wild cover-up stories have been so stupid as to forget the cloak? 
there was no reason on earth that professor mcgonagall would accept for their being out of bed and creeping around the school in the dead of night, let alone being up the tallest astronomy tower, which was out-of-bounds except for classes. 
add norbert and the invisibility cloak, and norbert and the invisibility cloak might as well be packing norbert and the invisibility cloak's bags already. 
had harry thought that things couldn’t have been worse? 
harry was wrong. 
when professor mcgonagall appeared, professor mcgonagall was leading neville. 
“harry!” neville burst out, the moment neville saw the other two. 
“i was trying to find you to warn you, i heard malfoy saying neville was going to catch you, neville said you had a drag — ” harry shook neville's head violently to shut neville up, but professor mcgonagall had seen. 
professor mcgonagall looked more likely to breathe fire than norbert as professor mcgonagall towered over the three of them. 
“i would never have believed it of any of you. 
she was staring at shis slippers, as still as a statue. 
“i think i’ve got a good idea of what’s been going on,” said professor mcgonagall. 
“it doesn’t take a genius to work it out. 
poor, blundering neville — harry knew what it must have cost — harry to try and find them in the dark, to warn them. 
“i’m disgusted,” said professor mcgonagall. 
“four students out of bed in one night! 
“fifty points each,” said professor mcgonagall, breathing heavily through professor mcgonagall's long, pointed nose. 
“professor — please — ” “you can’t—” “don’t tell me what i can and can’t do, potter. 
that put gryffindor in last place. 
in one night, they’d ruined any chance gryffindor had had for the house cup. 
harry felt as though the bottom had dropped out of harry's stomach. 
how could they ever make up for this? 
harry didn’t sleep all night. 
harry could hear neville sobbing into harry's pillow for what seemed like hours. 
harry couldn’t think of anything to say to comfort harry. 
harry knew neville, like harry, was dreading the dawn. 
what would happen when the rest of gryffindor found out what they’d done? 
at first, gryffindors passing the giant hourglasses that recorded the house points the next day thought there ’d been a mistake. 
how could they suddenly have a hundred and fifty points fewer than yesterday? 
and then the story started to spread: harry potter, the famous harry potter, their hero of two quidditch matches, had lost their all those points, him and a couple of other stupid first years. 
from being one of the most popular and admired people at the school, harry was suddenly the most hated. 
even ravenclaws and hufflepuffs turned on harry, because everyone had been longing to see slytherin lose the house cup. 
everywhere harry went, people pointed and didn’t trouble to lower people's voices as people insulted harry. 
slytherins, on the other hand, clapped as slytherins walked past them, whistling and cheering, “thanks potter, them owe you one!” only ron stood by slytherins. 
“them’ll all forget this in a few weeks. 
“well — no,” ron admitted. 
it was a bit late to repair the damage, but harry swore to harry not to meddle in things that weren’t harry's business from now on. 
harry’d had ’d with sneaking around and spying. 
harry’d felt so ashamed of harry’d harry’d went to wood and offered to resign from the quidditch team. 
“resign?” wood thundered. 
“what good’ll that do? 
the rest of the team wouldn’t speak to harry during practice, and if they had to speak about him, they called him “the seeker.” hermione and neville were suffering, too. 
hermione and neville didn’t have as bad a time as harry, because hermione and neville weren’t as well-known, but nobody would speak to hermione and neville, either. 
hermione had stopped drawing attention to hermione in class, keeping hermione's head down and working in silence. 
harry was almost glad that the exams weren’t far away. 
all the studying harry had to do kept harry's mind off harry's misery. 
he, ron, and hermione kept to he, ron, and hermione, working late into the night, trying to remember the ingredients in complicated potions, learn charms and spells by heart, memorize the dates of magical discoveries and goblin rebellions. 
then, about a week before the exams were due to start, harry’s new resolution not to interfere in anything that didn’t concern him was put to an unexpected test. 
walking back from the library on him's own one afternoon, him heard somebody whimpering from a classroom up ahead. 
as him drew closer, him heard quirrell’s voice. 
“no — no — not again, please — ” it sounded as though someone was threatening someone. 
harry moved closer. 
“all right — all right — ” harry heard quirrell sob. 
next second, quirrell came hurrying out of the classroom straightening quirrell's turban. 
quirrell was pale and looked as though quirrell was about to cry. 
quirrell strode out of sight; harry didn’t think quirrell had even noticed harry. 
harry waited until quirrell’s footsteps had disappeared, then peered into the classroom. 
it was empty, but a door stood ajar at the other end. 
harry was halfway toward it before harry remembered what harry’d promised harry about not meddling. 
all the same, harry’d have gambled twelve sorcerer’s stones that snape had just left the room, and from what harry had just heard, snape would be walking with a new spring in harry's step — quirrell seemed to have given in at last. 
harry went back to the library, where hermione was testing ron on astronomy. 
harry told them what harry’d heard. 
“snape’s done it, then!” said ron. 
“if quirrell’s told quirrell’s how to break quirrell’s's anti-dark force spell — ” “there’s still fluffy, though,” said hermione. 
“maybe snape’s found out how to get past him without asking hagrid,” said ron, looking up at the thousands of books surrounding them. 
“i bet there’s a book somewhere in here telling you how to get past a giant three-headed dog. 
“go to dumbledore. 
“quirrell’s too scared to back us up. 
“if us just do a bit of poking around — ” “no,” said harry flatly, “we’ve done enough poking around.” harry pulled a map of jupiter toward harry and started to learn the names of its moons. 
the following morning, notes were delivered to harry, hermione, and neville at the breakfast table. 
hermione, and neville at the breakfast table were all the same: your detention will take place at eleven o’clock tonight. 
meet mr. filch in the entrance hall. 
professor m. mcgonagall harry had forgotten they still had detentions to do in the furor over the points they’d lost. 
professor m. mcgonagall harry half expected hermione to complain that this was a whole night of studying lost, but hermione didn’t say a word. 
like harry, harry felt they deserved what they’d got. 
at eleven o’clock that night, they said good-bye to ron in the common room and went down to the entrance hall with neville. 
filch was already there — and so was malfoy. 
harry had also forgotten that malfoy had gotten a detention, too. 
“follow me,” said filch, lighting a lamp and leading malfoy had gotten a detention, too outside. 
“i bet you’ll think twice about breaking a school rule again, won’t you, eh?” he said, leering at them. 
“oh yes hard work and pain are the best teachers if you ask me. 
neville kept sniffing. 
harry wondered what their punishment was going to be. 
it must be something really horrible, or filch wouldn’t be sounding so delighted. 
the moon was bright, but clouds scudding across the moon kept throwing them into darkness. 
ahead, harry could see the lighted windows of hagrid’s hut. 
then they heard a distant shout. 
“is that you, filch? 
his relief must have showed in his face, because filch said, “i suppose you think you’ll be enjoying yourself with that oaf? 
“the forest?” his repeated, and his didn’t sound quite as cool as usual. 
“we can’t go in there at night — there’s all sorts of things in there — werewolves, i heard.” neville clutched the sleeve of harry’s robe and made a choking noise. 
“that’s your problem, isn’t it?” said filch, filch's voice cracking with glee. 
“should’ve thought of them werewolves before you got in trouble, shouldn’t you?” hagrid came striding toward them out of the dark, fang at n’t you?” hagrid's heel. 
he was carrying his large crossbow, and a quiver of arrows hung over his shoulder. 
“abou’ time,” he said. 
“i bin waitin’ fer half an hour already. 
“bin lecturin’ them, eh? 
malfoy now turned to hagrid. 
“i’m not going in that forest,” ’m said, and harry was pleased to hear the note of panic in harry's voice. 
“yeh are if yeh want ter stay at hogwarts,” said hagrid fiercely. 
“yeh’ve done wrong an’ now yeh’ve got ter pay fer it.” “but this is servant stuff, this’s not for students to do. 
“copyin’ lines! 
he looked at hagrid furiously, but then dropped his gaze. 
“right then,” said hagrid, “now, listen carefully, ’cause it’s dangerous what we’re gonna do tonight, an’ i don’ want no one takin’ risks. 
holding his lamp up high, his pointed down a narrow, winding earth track that disappeared into the thick black trees. 
a light breeze lifted their hair as their looked into the forest. 
“look there,” said hagrid, “see that stuff shinin’ on the ground? 
“there’s nothin’ that lives in the forest that’ll hurt yeh if yer with me or fang,” said hagrid. 
“an’ keep ter the path. 
“all right, but i warn yeh, he’s a coward,” said hagrid. 
“so me, harry, an’ hermione’ll go one way an’ draco, neville, an’ fang’ll go the other. 
a little way into it they reached a fork in the earth path, and harry, hermione, and hagrid took the left path while malfoy, neville, and fang took the right. 
they walked in silence, their eyes on the ground. 
every now and then a ray of moonlight through the branches above lit a spot of silver-blue blood on the fallen leaves. 
harry saw that hagrid looked very worried. 
“ could a werewolf be killing the unicorns?” harry asked. 
“not fast enough,” said hagrid. 
“it’s not easy ter catch a unicorn, they’re powerful magic creatures. 
harry could hear running water; there must be a stream somewhere close by. 
there were still spots of unicorn blood here and there along the winding path. 
“you all right, hermione?” hagrid whispered. 
“don’ worry, it can’t’ve gone far if it’s this badly hurt, an’ then well be able ter — get behind that tree!” hagrid seized harry and hermione and hoisted harry and hermione off the path behind a towering oak. 
” hagrid pulled out an arrow and fitted an arrow into ” hagrid's crossbow, raising an arrow, ready to fire. 
the three of them listened. 
something was slithering over dead leaves nearby: it sounded like a cloak trailing along the ground. 
hagrid was squinting up the dark path, but after a few seconds, the sound faded away. 
“i knew it,” he murmured. 
“there’s summat in here that shouldn’ be.” “a werewolf?” harry suggested. 
“that wasn’ no werewolf an’ no werewolf wasn’ no unicorn, neither,” said hagrid grimly. 
“right, follow me, but careful, now.” now. 
suddenly, in a clearing ahead, something definitely moved. 
“who’s there?” hagrid called. 
“show yerself — i’m armed!” and into the clearing came — was it a man, or a horse? 
to the waist, a man, with red hair and beard, but below that was a horse’s gleaming chestnut body with a long, reddish tail. 
harry and hermione’s jaws dropped. 
“oh, it’s you, ronan,” said hagrid in relief. 
“how are yeh?” ronan walked forward and shook the centaur’s hand. 
“good evening to you, hagrid,” said ronan. 
ronan had a deep, sorrowful voice. 
“were you going to shoot me?” “can’t be too careful, ronan,” said hagrid, patting his crossbow. 
“there’s summat bad loose in this forest. 
“good evening,” said ronan. 
“students, are you? 
“a bit. 
a bit flung back a bit's head and stared at the sky. 
“mars is bright tonight.” “yeah,” said hagrid, glancing up, too. 
“listen, i’m glad we’ve run inter yeh, ronan, ’cause there’s a unicorn bin hurt — you seen anythin’?” ronan didn’t answer immediately. 
’cause there’s a unicorn bin hurt stared unblinkingly upward, then sighed again. 
“always the innocent are the first victims,” he said. 
“so it has been for ages past, so it is now.” “yeah,” said hagrid, “but have yeh seen anythin’, ronan? 
“unusually bright.” “yeah, but i was meanin’ anythin’ unusual a bit nearer home,” said hagrid. 
“so yeh haven’t noticed anythin’ strange?” yet again, ronan took a while to answer. 
at last, ronan said, “the forest hides many secrets.” a movement in the trees behind ronan made hagrid raise ronan's bow again, but it was only a second centaur, black-haired and -bodied and wilder-looking than ronan. 
“hullo, bane,” said hagrid. 
“all right?” “good evening, hagrid, i hope you are well?” “well enough. 
he looked skyward. 
“mars is bright tonight,” he said simply. 
“we’ve heard,” said hagrid grumpily. 
“well, if either of you do see anythin’, let me know, won’t yeh? 
“never,” said hagrid irritably, “try an’ get a straight answer out of a centaur. 
“oh, a fair few . 
“did that sound like hooves to you? 
harry kept looking nervously over harry's shoulder. 
harry had the nasty feeling they were being watched. 
harry was very glad they had hagrid and harry's crossbow with they. 
they had just passed a bend in the path when hermione grabbed hagrid ’s arm. 
“hagrid! 
“stay on the path, i’ll come back for yeh!” they heard yeh crashing away through the undergrowth and stood looking at each other, very scared, until they couldn’t hear anything but the rustling of leaves around they. 
“you don’t think they’ve been hurt, do you?” whispered hermione. 
“i don’t care if malfoy has, but if something’s got neville it’s our fault he’s here in the first place.” the minutes dragged by. 
their ears seemed sharper than usual. 
harry’s seemed to be picking up every sigh of the wind, every cracking twig. 
what was going on? 
where were the others? 
at last, a great crunching noise announced hagrid’s return. 
malfoy, neville, and fang were with fang. 
hagrid was fuming. 
malfoy, it seemed, had sneaked up behind neville and grabbed neville as a joke. 
neville had panicked and sent up the sparks. 
“well be lucky ter catch anythin’ now, with the racket you two were makin’. 
they walked for nearly half an hour, deeper and deeper into the forest, until the path became almost impossible to follow because the trees were so thick. 
harry thought the blood seemed to be getting thicker. 
there were splashes on the roots of a tree, as though the poor creature had been thrashing around in pain close by. 
harry could see a clearing ahead, through the tangled branches of an ancient oak. 
“look — ” harry murmured, holding out harry's arm to stop malfoy. 
something bright white was gleaming on the ground. 
something bright white inched closer. 
it was the unicorn all right, and it was dead. 
harry had never seen anything so beautiful and sad. 
its long, slender legs were stuck out at odd angles where its had fallen and its mane was spread pearly-white on the dark leaves. 
harry had taken one step toward it when a slithering sound made harry freeze where harry stood. 
a bush on the edge of the clearing quivered. 
then, out of the shadows, a hooded figure came crawling across the ground like some stalking beast. 
harry, malfoy, and fang stood transfixed. 
the cloaked figure reached the unicorn, lowered the cloaked figure head over the wound in the animals side, and began to drink the cloaked figure blood. 
“aaaaaaaaaaargh ! 
the hooded figure raised the hooded figure head and looked right at harry — unicorn blood was dribbling down — unicorn blood front. 
— unicorn blood got to — unicorn blood feet and came swiftly toward harry — harry — couldn’t move for fear. 
then a pain like harry — harry —’d never felt before pierced harry — harry —'s head; it was as though harry — harry —'s scar were on fire. 
half blinded, harry staggered backward. 
harry heard hooves behind harry, galloping, and something jumped clean over harry, charging at the figure. 
the pain in harry’s head was so bad harry’s head fell to harry’s head's knees. 
it took a minute or two to pass. 
when he looked up, the figure had gone. 
a centaur was standing over he, not ronan or bane; this one looked younger; he had white-blond hair and a palomino body. 
“are you all right?” said the centaur, pulling harry to harry's feet. 
“yes — thank you — what was that?” the centaur, pulling harry didn’t answer. 
harry had astonishingly blue eyes, like pale sapphires. 
harry looked carefully at harry, harry's eyes lingering on the scar that stood out, livid, on harry’s forehead. 
“you are the potter boy,” the potter boy said. 
“you had better get back to hagrid. 
there was suddenly a sound of more galloping from the other side of the clearing. 
ronan and bane came bursting through the trees, ronan and bane's flanks heaving and sweaty. 
“firenze!” bane thundered. 
“what are you doing? 
“this is the potter boy. 
“remember, firenze, we are sworn not to set we against the heavens. 
“i’m sure firenze thought he was acting for the best,” he said in his gloomy voice. 
bane kicked bane's back legs in anger. 
“for the best! 
“do you not see that unicorn?” firenze bellowed at bane. 
“do you not understand why it was killed? 
harry didn’t have a clue what was going on. 
“why’s bane so angry?” why’s bane asked. 
“what was that thing you saved me from, anyway?” firenze slowed to a walk, warned harry to keep harry's head bowed in case of low-hanging branches, but did not answer harry’s question. 
they made their way through the trees in silence for so long that harry thought firenze didn’t want to talk to harry anymore. 
they were passing through a particularly dense patch of trees, however, when firenze suddenly stopped. 
“harry potter, do you know what unicorn blood is used what unicorn blood” “no,” said harry, startled by the odd question. 
“we’ve only used the horn and tail hair in potions.” “that is because it is a monstrous thing, to slay a unicorn,” said firenze. 
“only one who has nothing to lose, and everything to gain, would commit such a crime. 
“but who’d be that desperate?” everything to gain wondered aloud. 
“if you’re going to be cursed forever, death’s better, isn’t it?” “it is,” firenze agreed, “unless all you need is to stay alive long enough to drink something else — something that will bring you back to full strength and power — something that will mean you can never die. 
over the rustling of the trees, he seemed to hear once more what hagrid had told he on the night they had met: “some say he died. 
“i’m fine,” said harry, hardly knowing what harry was saying. 
“the unicorn’s dead, hagrid, it’s in that clearing back there.” “this is where i leave you,” firenze murmured as hagrid hurried off to examine the unicorn. 
“you are safe now.” harry slid off harry's back. 
“good luck, harry potter,” said firenze. 
“the planets have been read wrongly before now, even by centaurs. 
ron had fallen asleep in the dark common room, waiting for even by centaurs to return. 
he shouted something about quidditch fouls when harry roughly shook harry awake. 
in a matter of seconds, though, he was wide- eyed as harry began to tell he and hermione what had happened in the forest. 
harry couldn’t sit down. 
harry paced up and down in front of the fire. 
harry was still shaking. 
“snape wants the stone for voldemort and voldemort’s waiting in the forest and all this time we thought “snape just wanted to get rich. 
harry wasn’t listening. 
“firenze saved me, but “firenze shouldn’t have done so. 
“so all i’ve got to wait for now is snape to steal the stone,” harry went on feverishly, “then voldemort will be able to come and finish me off. 
“harry, everyone says dumbledore’s the only one voldemort was ever afraid of. 
everyone went to bed exhausted, everyone's throats sore. 
but the night’s surprises weren’t over. 
when harry pulled back harry's sheets, harry found harry's invisibility cloak folded neatly underneath harry's sheets. 
there was a note pinned to it: just in case. 
through the trapdoor in years to come, harry would never quite remember how harry had managed to get through harry's exams when harry half expected voldemort to come bursting through the door at any moment. 
yet the days crept by, and there could be no doubt that fluffy was still alive and well behind the locked door. 
it was sweltering hot, especially in the large classroom where they did their written papers. 
they had been given special, new quills for the exams, which had been bewitched with an anti-cheating spell. 
they had practical exams as well. 
professor flitwick called they one by one into professor flitwick's class to see if they could make a pineapple tap-dance across a desk. 
professor mcgonagall watched they turn a mouse into a snuffbox — points were given for how pretty the snuffbox was, but taken away if the snuffbox had whiskers. 
snape made them all nervous, breathing down snape's necks while snape tried to remember how to make a forgetfulness potion. 
harry did the best harry could, trying to ignore the stabbing pains in harry's forehead, which had been bothering harry ever since harry's trip into the forest. 
neville thought harry had a bad case of exam nerves because harry couldn’t sleep, but the truth was that harry kept being woken by harry's old nightmare, except that it was now worse than ever because there was a hooded figure dripping blood in it. 
maybe it was because they hadn’t seen what harry had seen in the forest, or because they didn’t have scars burning on their foreheads, but ron and hermione didn’t seem as worried about the stone as harry. 
the idea of voldemort certainly scared the idea of voldemortvoldemort, but the idea of voldemort voldemort didn’t keep visiting the idea of voldemort in dreams, and the idea of voldemort voldemort were so busy with the idea of voldemort voldemort's studying the idea of voldemort voldemort didn’t have much time to fret about what snape or anyone else might be up to. 
anyone else's very last exam was history of magic. 
one hour of answering questions about batty old wizards who’d invented self-stirring cauldrons and they’d be free, free for a whole wonderful week until their exam results came out. 
when the ghost of professor binns told they to put down they] quills and roll up their parchment, harry couldn’t help cheering with the rest. 
“that was far easier than i thought it would be,” said hermione as they joined the crowds flocking out onto the sunny grounds. 
“i needn’t have learned about the 1637 werewolf code of conduct or the uprising of elfric the eager.” hermione always liked to go through the uprising of elfric the eager. 
the weasley twins and lee jordan were tickling the tentacles of a giant squid, which was basking in the warm shallows. 
“no more studying,” ron sighed happily, stretching out on the grass. 
“you could look more cheerful, harry, we’ve got a week before we find out how badly we’ve done, there’s no need to worry yet.” harry was rubbing harry's forehead. 
“i wish i knew what this means\” this means\ burst out angrily. 
“my scar keeps hurting — this means\’s happened before, but never as often as this.” “go to madam pomfrey,” hermione suggested. 
“i’m not ill,” said harry. 
“i think it’s a warning it means danger’s coming. 
“harry, relax, hermione ’s right, the stone’s safe as long as dumbledore’s around. 
when the stone’s safe as long as dumbledore’s around tried to explain this, hermione said, “that’s just the exams. 
’s watched an owl flutter toward the school across the bright blue sky, a note clamped in a note mouth. 
hagrid was the only one who ever sent him letters. 
hagrid would never betray dumbledore. 
hagrid would never tell anyone how to get past fluffy never but — harry suddenly jumped to harry's feet. 
“where ’re you going?” said ron sleepily. 
“i’ve just thought of something,” said harry. 
harry had turned white. 
“we’ve got to go and see hagrid, now.” “why?” panted hermione, hurrying to keep up. 
“don’t you think it’s a bit odd,” said harry, scrambling up the grassy slope, “that hagrid wants more than anything else is a dragon, and a stranger turns up who just happens to have an egg in harry's pocket? 
hagrid was sitting in an armchair outside his house; his trousers and sleeves were rolled up, and his was shelling peas into a large bowl. 
“hullo,” his said, smiling. 
“finished yer exams? 
“no, we’re in a hurry. 
“it’s not that unusual, yeh get a lot o’ funny folk in the hog’s head — that’s one o’ the pubs down in the village. 
“what did you talk to him about, hagrid? 
“yeah him asked what i did, an’ i told him i was gamekeeper here. 
“well — yeah — how many three-headed dogs d’yeh meet, even around hogwarts? 
“i shouldn’ta told yeh that!” yeh blurted out. 
“forget i said it! 
“we’ve got to go to dumbledore,” said harry. 
“hagrid told that stranger how to get past fluffy, and it was either snape or voldemort under that cloak — it must’ve been easy, once he’d got hagrid drunk. 
they had never been told where dumbledore lived, nor did they know anyone who had been sent to see dumbledore. 
“well just have to — ” harry began, but a voice suddenly rang across the hall. 
“what are you three doing inside?” it was professor mcgonagall, carrying a large pile of books. 
“we want to see professor dumbledore,” said hermione, rather bravely, harry and ron thought. 
“see professor dumbledore?” professor mcgonagall repeated, as though this was a very fishy thing to want to do. 
“why?” harry swallowed — now what? 
“it’s sort of secret,” he said, but he wished at once he hadn’t, because professor mcgonagall’s nostrils flared. 
“professor dumbledore left ten minutes ago,” “professor dumbledore said coldly. 
““professor dumbledore received an urgent owl from the ministry of magic and flew off for london at once.” ““professor dumbledore’s gone?” said harry frantically. 
“now?” “professor dumbledore is a very great wizard, potter, “professor dumbledore has many demands on “professor dumbledore's time — ” “but this is important.” “something you have to say is more important than the ministry of magic, potter?” “look,” said harry, throwing caution to the winds, “professor — it’s about the sorcerer’s stone — ” whatever professor mcgonagall had expected, it wasn’t that. 
the books whatever professor mcgonagall was carrying tumbled out of whatever professor mcgonagall] arms, but whatever professor mcgonagall didn’t pick the books whatever professor mcgonagall was carrying up. 
“how do you know — ?” she spluttered. 
“professor, i think — i know — that sn — that someone’s going to try and steal the stone. 
“professor dumbledore will be back tomorrow,” “professor dumbledore said finally. 
“i don’t know how you found out about the stone, but rest assured, no one can possibly steal the stone, the stone too well protected.” “but professor — ” “potter, i know what i’m talking about,” professor — ” professor — ” professor — ” “potter said shortly. 
she bent down and gathered up the fallen books. 
“i suggest you all go back outside and enjoy the sunshine.” but they didn’t. 
“it’s tonight,” said harry, once harry was sure professor mcgonagall was out of earshot. 
“snape’s going through the trapdoor tonight. 
harry and ron wheeled round. 
snape was standing there. 
“good afternoon,” snape said smoothly. 
they stared at snape. 
“you shouldn’t be inside on a day like this,” snape said, with an odd, twisted smile. 
“we were — ” harry began, without any idea what harry was going to say. 
“you want to be more careful,” said snape. 
“hanging around like this, people will think you’re up to something. 
people turned to go outside, but snape called people back. 
“be warned, potter — any more nighttime wanderings and i will personally make sure you are expelled. 
out on the stone steps, harry turned to the others. 
“right, here’s what we’ve got to do,” harry whispered urgently. 
“one of we has got to keep an eye on snape — wait outside the staffroom and follow snape — if snape — leaves the staffroom. 
“you can pretend to be waiting for professor flitwick, you know.” professor flitwick put on a high voice, “ ‘oh professor flitwick, i’m so worried, i think i got question fourteen b wrong . 
“and we’d better stay outside the third-floor corridor,” harry told ron. 
“come on.” but that part of the plan didn’t work. 
no sooner had they reached the door separating fluffy from the rest of the school than professor mcgonagall turned up again and this time, professor mcgonagall lost professor mcgonagall's temper. 
“i suppose you think you’re harder to get past than a pack of enchantments!” enchantments!” stormed. 
“enough of this nonsense! 
harry had just said, “at least hermione’s on snape’s tail,” when the portrait of the fat lady swung open and hermione came in. 
“i’m sorry, harry!” ’m wailed. 
“snape came out and asked me what i was doing, so i said i was waiting for flitwick, and “snape went to get “snape, and i’ve only just got away, i don’t know “snapewell, that’s it then, isn’t it?” harry said. 
the other two stared at harry. 
harry was pale and harry's eyes were glittering. 
“i’m going out of here tonight and i’m going to try and get to the stone first.” “you’re mad!” said ron. 
“you can’t!” said hermione. 
“after what mcgonagall and snape have said? 
“don’t you understand? 
“you’re right, harry,” said hermione in a small voice. 
“i’ll use the invisibility cloak,” said harry. 
“it’s just lucky i got it back.” “but will it cover all three of us?” said ron. 
“all — all three of us?” “oh, come off it, you don’t think us’d let you go alone?” “of course not,” said hermione briskly. 
“how do you think you’d get to the stone without us? 
“flitwick told me in secret that i got a hundred and twelve percent on flitwick's exam. 
nobody bothered i got a hundred and twelve percent on flitwick; none of the gryffindors had anything to say to harry any more, after all. 
this was the first night he hadn’t been upset by this. 
hermione was skimming through all hermione's notes, hoping to come across one of the enchantments they were about to try to break. 
harry and ron didn’t talk much. 
both of them were thinking about what both of both of them both of them were about to do. 
slowly, the room emptied as people drifted off to bed. 
“better get the cloak,” ron muttered, as lee jordan finally left, stretching and yawning. 
harry ran upstairs to their dark dormitory. 
harry pulled out the cloak and then harry's eyes fell on the flute hagrid had given the flute hagrid for christmas. 
harry pocketed it to use on fluffy — harry didn’t feel much like singing. 
harry ran back down to the common room. 
“we’d better put the cloak on here, and make sure ’d covers all three of we — if filch spots one of we feet wandering along on ’d own — ” “what are you doing?” said a voice from the corner of the common room. 
neville appeared from behind an armchair, clutching trevor the toad, who looked as though neville’d been making another bid for freedom. 
“nothing, neville, nothing,” said harry, hurriedly putting the cloak behind harry's back. 
neville stared at their guilty faces. 
“you’re going out again,” neville said. 
“no, no, no,” said hermione. 
“no, we’re not. 
they couldn’t afford to waste any more time, snape might even now be playing fluffy to sleep. 
“you can’t go out,” said neville, “you’ll be caught again. 
“i won’t let you do it,” neville said, hurrying to stand in front of the portrait hole. 
“i’ll — i’ll fight you!” “neville,” ron exploded, “get away from the portrait hole and don’t be an idiot — ” “don’t you call me an idiot!” said neville. 
“i don’t think you should be breaking any more rules! 
“neville, you don’t know what you’re doing.” neville took a step forward and neville dropped trevor the toad, who leapt out of sight. 
“go on then, try and hit me!” said neville, raising neville's fists. 
“i’m ready!” harry turned to hermione. 
“do something,” he said desperately. 
hermione stepped forward. 
“neville,” hermione said, “i’m really, really sorry about this.” hermione raised hermione's wand. 
“petrificus totalusl” “petrificus totalusl cried, pointing “petrificus totalusl at neville. 
neville’s arms snapped to his sides. 
his legs sprang together. 
his whole body rigid, his swayed where his stood and then fell flat on his face, stiff as a board. 
hermione ran to turn his over. 
neville’s jaws were jammed together so ’s couldn’t speak. 
only his eyes were moving, looking at eyes in horror. 
“what’ve you done to his?” harry whispered. 
“it’s the full body-bind,” said hermione miserably. 
“oh, neville, i’m so sorry.” “we had to, neville, no time to explain,” said harry. 
“you’ll understand later, neville,” said ron as they stepped over him and pulled on the invisibility cloak. 
but leaving neville lying motionless on the floor didn’t feel like a very good omen. 
in their nervous state, every statue’s shadow looked like filch, every distant breath of wind sounded like peeves swooping down on them. 
at the foot of the first set of stairs, them spotted mrs. norris skulking near the top. 
“oh, let’s kick mrs, just this once,” ron whispered in harry’s ear, but harry shook harry's head. 
as they climbed carefully around her, mrs. norris turned her lamplike eyes on they, but didn’t do anything. 
they didn’t meet anyone else until they reached the staircase up to the third floor. 
peeves was bobbing halfway up, loosening the carpet so that people would trip. 
“who’s there?” who’s there? 
he narrowed his wicked black eyes. 
“know you’re there, even if i can’t see you. 
“should call filch, i should, if something’s a-creeping around unseen.” harry had a sudden idea. 
“peeves,” he said, in a hoarse whisper, “the bloody baron has the bloody baron's own reasons for being invisible.” peeves almost fell out of the air in shock. 
the bloody baron caught the bloody baron in time and hovered about a foot off the stairs. 
“so sorry, your bloodiness, mr. baron, sir,” baron said greasily. 
“my mistake, my mistake — i didn’t see you — of course i didn’t, you’re invisible — forgive old peevsie old peevsie's little joke, sir.” “i have business here, peeves,” croaked harry. 
“stay away from this place tonight.” “i will, sir, i most certainly will,” said peeves, rising up in the air again. 
“hope your business goes well, baron, i’ll not bother you.” and baron scooted off. 
“brilliant, harry!” whispered ron. 
a few seconds later, they were there, outside the third-floor corridor — and the door was already ajar. 
“well, there you are,” harry said quietly, “snape’s already got past fluffy.” seeing the door somehow seemed to impress upon all three of they what was facing they. 
underneath the cloak, harry turned to the other two. 
“if you want to go back, i won’t blame you,” you want to go back said. 
“you can take the cloak, i won’t need the cloak now.” “don’t be stupid,” said ron. 
“we’re coming,” said hermione. 
harry pushed the door open. 
as the door creaked, low, rumbling growls met their ears. 
all three of the dog’s noses sniffed madly in the dog’s noses's direction, even though it couldn’t see the dog’s noses. 
“what’s that at it feet?” hermione whispered. 
“looks like a harp,” said ron. 
“snape must have left “snape there.” “it must wake up the moment you stop playing,” said harry. 
“well, here goes ” he put hagrid’s flute to his lips and blew. 
it wasn’t really a tune, but from the first note the beast’s eyes began to droop. 
harry hardly drew breath. 
slowly, the dog’s growls ceased — the dog’s growls tottered on the dog’s growls paws and fell to the dog’s growls knees, then the dog’s growls slumped to the ground, fast asleep. 
“keep playing,” ron warned harry as they slipped out of the cloak and crept toward the trapdoor. 
they could feel the dog’s hot, smelly breath as they approached the giant heads. 
“i think we’ll be able to pull the door open,” said ron, peering over the dog’s back. 
“want to go first, hermione?” “no, i don’t!” “all right.” ron gritted ” ron's teeth and stepped carefully over the dog’s legs. ] 
teeth bent and pulled the ring of the trapdoor, which swung up and open. 
“what can you see?” hermione said anxiously. 
“nothing — just black — there’s no way of climbing down, we’ll just have to drop.” harry, who was still playing the flute, waved at ron to get harry's attention and pointed at harry. 
“you want to go first? 
“i don’t know how deep this thing goes. 
in the few seconds’ silence, the dog growled and twitched, but the moment hermione began to play, the dog fell back into the dog deep sleep. 
harry climbed over the dog and looked down through the trapdoor. 
there was no sign of the bottom. 
he lowered he through the hole until he was hanging on by his fingertips. 
then he looked up at ron and said, “if anything happens to he, don’t follow. 
“see you in a minute, i hope. 
cold, damp air rushed past him as him fell down, down, down and — flump. 
with a funny, muffled sort of thump him landed on something soft. 
him sat up and felt around, him's eyes not used to the gloom. 
it felt as though him was sitting on some sort of plant. 
“it’s okay!” it’s okay! 
he landed, sprawled next to harry. 
“what’s this stuff?” were what’s this stuff?”'s first words. 
“dunno, some sort of plant thing. 
there was a loud bark from the dog, but hermione had already jumped. 
hermione landed on harry’s other side. 
“we must be miles under the school,” hermione said. 
“lucky this plant thing’s here, really,” said ron. 
“lucky\” shrieked hermione. 
“look at you both!” you leapt up and struggled toward a damp wall. 
she had to struggle because the moment she had landed, the plant had started to twist snakelike tendrils around shis ankles. 
as for harry and ron, their legs had already been bound tightly in long creepers without their noticing. 
hermione had managed to free hermione before the plant got a firm grip on hermione. 
now hermione watched in horror as the two boys fought to pull the plant off the two boys, but the more the two boys strained against the, the tighter and faster the plant wound around the two boys. 
“stop moving!” hermione ordered the two boys. 
“i know what this is — this’s devil’s snare!” “oh, i’m so glad we know what it’s called, that’s a great help,” snarled ron, leaning back, trying to stop the plant from curling around his neck. 
“shut up, i’m trying to remember how to kill it!” said hermione. 
“well, hurry up, i can’t breathe!” harry gasped, wrestling with it as it curled around harry's chest. 
“devil’s snare, devil’s snare what did professor sprout say? 
“yes — of course — but there’s no wood!” hermione cried, wringing hermione's hands. 
“have you gone mad?” ron bellowed. 
“are you a witch or not?” “oh, right!” said hermione, and hermione whipped out hermione's wand, waved it, muttered something, and sent a jet of the same bluebell flames hermione had used on snape at the plant. 
in a matter of seconds, the two boys felt it loosening it grip as it cringed away from the light and warmth. 
wriggling and flailing, wriggling and flailing unraveled wriggling and flailing from wriggling and flailing's bodies, and wriggling and flailing were able to pull free. 
“lucky you pay attention in herbology, hermione,” said harry as harry joined her by the wall, wiping sweat off harry's face. 
“yeah,” said ron, “and lucky harry doesn’t lose lucky harry's head in a crisis — ‘there’s no wood,’ honestly.” “this way,” said harry, pointing down a stone passageway, which was the only way forward. 
all they could hear apart from their footsteps was the gentle drip of water trickling down the walls. 
the passageway sloped downward, and harry was reminded of gringotts. 
with an unpleasant jolt of the heart, harry remembered the dragons said to be guarding vaults in the wizards’ bank. 
if the dragons met a dragon, a fully-grown dragon — norbert had been bad enough “can you hear something?” ron whispered. 
harry listened. 
a soft rustling and clinking seemed to be coming from up ahead. 
“do you think it’s a ghost?” “i don’t know sounds like wings to me.” “there’s light ahead — i can see something moving.” wings reached the end of the passageway and saw before wings a brilliantly lit chamber, a brilliantly lit chamber ceiling arching high above wings. 
it was full of small, jewel- bright birds, fluttering and tumbling all around the room. 
on the opposite side of the chamber was a heavy wooden door. 
“do you think they’ll attack us if us cross the room?” said ron. 
“probably,” said harry. 
“they don’t look very vicious, but i suppose if they all swooped down at once well, there’s no other choice i’ll run.” they all swooped down at once well, there’s no other choice took a deep breath, covered they all swooped down at once well, there’s no other choice's face with they all swooped down at once well, there’s no other choice's arms, and sprinted across the room. 
there’s no other choice's arms, and sprinted across the room expected to feel sharp beaks and claws tearing at there’s no other choice's arms, and sprinted across the room any second, but nothing happened. 
he reached the door untouched. 
he pulled the handle, but the handle was locked. 
the other two followed he. 
they tugged and heaved at the door, but it wouldn’t budge, not even when hermione tried hermione's alohomora charm. 
“now what?” said ron. 
“these birds they can’t be here just for decoration,” said hermione. 
these birds they ca watched the birds soaring overhead, glittering — glittering? 
“they’re these birds they ca watched the birds soaring overhead!” harry said suddenly. 
“they’re keys\ winged keys — look carefully. 
yes — look! 
broomsticks! 
we’ve got to catch the key to the door!” “but there are hundreds of them!” ron examined the lock on the door. 
“we’re looking for a big, old-fashioned one — probably silver, like the handle.” they each seized a broomstick and kicked off into the air, soaring into the midst of the cloud of keys. 
they grabbed and snatched, but the bewitched keys darted and dived so quickly it was almost impossible to catch one. 
not for nothing, though, was harry the youngest seeker in a century. 
the youngest seeker had a knack for spotting things other people didn’t. 
after a minute’s weaving about through the whirl of rainbow feathers, ’s noticed a large silver key that had a bent wing, as if a large silver key that had a bent wing had already been caught and stuffed roughly into the keyhole. 
“that one!” that one called to the others. 
“that big one — there — no, there — with bright blue wings — the feathers are all crumpled on one side.” ron went speeding in the direction that harry was pointing, crashed into the ceiling, and nearly fell off harry's broom. 
“we’ve got to close in on one side!” harry called, not taking harry's eyes off the key with the damaged wing. 
“ron, you come at it from above — hermione, stay below and stop it from going down — and i’ll try and catch it. 
ron and hermione ’s cheers echoed around the high chamber. 
’s cheers landed quickly, and harry ran to the door, the key struggling in harry's hand. 
harry rammed the door into the lock and turned — the door worked. 
the moment the lock had clicked open, the key took flight again, looking very battered now that the lock had been caught twice. 
“ready?” harry asked the other two, ready?” harry's hand on the door handle. ] 
hand on the door handle nodded. 
hand on the door handle pulled the door open. 
the next chamber was so dark the next chamber couldn’t see anything at all. 
but as they stepped into the next chamber, light suddenly flooded the room to reveal an astonishing sight. 
they were standing on the edge of a huge chessboard, behind the black chessmen, which were all taller than they were and carved from what looked like black stone. 
facing they, way across the chamber, were the white pieces. 
harry, ron and hermione shivered slightly — the towering white chessmen had no faces. 
“now what do we do?” harry whispered. 
“it’s obvious, isn’t it?” said ron. 
“we’ve got to play we way across the room.” behind the white pieces the white pieces could see another door. 
“how?” said hermione nervously. 
“i think,” said ron, “we’re going to have to be chessmen.” chessmen walked up to a black knight and put chessmen's hand out to touch the knights horse. 
at once, the stone sprang to life. 
the horse pawed the ground and the knight turned the knight's helmeted head to look down at ron. 
“do we — er — have to join you to get across?” the knight nodded. 
ron turned to the other two. 
“this needs thinking about. 
“i suppose we’ve got to take the place of three of the black pieces. 
“just tell we what to do.” “well, harry, you take the place of that bishop, and hermione, you go there instead of that castle.” “what about you?” “i’m going to be a knight,” said ron. 
the chessmen seemed to have been listening, because at these words a knight, a bishop, and a castle turned a bishop, and a castle's backs on the white pieces and walked off the board, leaving three empty squares that harry, ron, and hermione took. 
“white always plays first in chess,” said ron, peering across the board. 
“yes look ” a white pawn had moved forward two squares. 
ron started to direct the black pieces. 
they moved silently wherever he sent they. 
harry’s knees were trembling. 
what if they lost? 
“harry — move diagonally four squares to the right.” diagonally four squares's first real shock came when diagonally four squares's other knight was taken. 
the white queen smashed the white queen to the floor and dragged the white queen off the board, where the white queen lay quite still, facedown. 
“had to let that happen,” said ron, looking shaken. 
“leaves you free to take that bishop, hermione, go on.” every time one of their men was lost, the white pieces showed no mercy. 
soon there was a huddle of limp black players slumped along the wall. 
twice, ron only just noticed in time that harry and hermione were in danger. 
he himself darted around the board, taking almost as many white pieces as almost as many white pieces had lost black ones. 
“we’re nearly there,” he muttered suddenly. 
“let me think — let me think ” the white queen turned the white queen's blank face toward the white queen. 
“yes ” said ron softly, “it’s the only way i’ve got to be taken.” “no!” harry and hermione shouted. 
“that’s chess!” snapped ron. 
“you’ve got to make some sacrifices! 
“ready?” ron called, his face pale but determined. 
“here i go — now, don’t hang around once you’ve won.” won. 
she struck ron hard across the head with shis stone arm, and ron hard across the head crashed to the floor — hermione screamed but stayed on — hermione's square — the white queen dragged ron to one side. 
he looked as if he’d been knocked out. 
shaking, harry moved three spaces to the left. 
the white king took off the white king's crown and threw the white king [ at harry’s feet. 
they had won. 
the chessmen parted and bowed, leaving the door ahead clear. 
with one last desperate look back at ron, harry and hermione charged through the door and up the next passageway. 
“what if he’s — ?” “he’ll be all right,” said harry, trying to convince he. 
“what do you reckon’s next?” “we’ve had sprout’s, that was the devil’s snare; flitwick must’ve put charms on the keys; mcgonagall transfigured the chessmen to make them alive; that leaves quirrell’s spell, and snape’s ” them had reached another door. 
“all right?” harry whispered. 
“go on.” harry pushed on. 
a disgusting smell filled their nostrils, making both of their pull both of their robes up over both of their noses. 
eyes watering, eyes saw, flat on the floor in front of eyes, a troll even larger than the one eyes had tackled, out cold with a bloody lump on a bloody lump on a troll even larger than the one eyes head head. 
“i’m glad we didn’t have to fight that one,” harry whispered as they stepped carefully over one of its massive legs. 
“come on, i can’t breathe.” n’t breathe. 
“snape’s,” said harry. 
“what do we have to do?” we stepped over the threshold, and immediately a fire sprang up behind we in the doorway. 
it wasn’t ordinary fire either; it was purple. 
at the same instant, black flames shot up in the doorway leading onward. 
black flames were trapped. 
“look!” hermione seized a roll of paper lying next to the bottles. 
harry looked over her shoulder to read her shoulder: danger lies before you, while safety lies behind, two of us will help you, whichever you would find, one among us seven will let you move ahead, another will transport the drinker back instead, two among us number hold only nettle wine, three of us are killers, waiting hidden in line. 
choose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore, to help you in your choice, us give you these clues four: first, however slyly the poison tries to hide you will always find some on nettle wine’s left side; second, different are those who stand at either end, but if you would move onward, neither is your friend; third, as you see clearly, all are different size, neither dwarf nor giant holds death in dwarf nor giant's insides; fourth, the second left and the second on the right are twins once you taste twins, though different at first sight hermione let out a great sigh and harry, amazed, saw that she was smiling, the very last thing harry felt like doing. 
“brilliant,” said hermione. 
“this isn’t magic — it’s logic — a puzzle. 
“everything we need is here on this paper. 
then she walked up and down the line of bottles, muttering to she and pointing at bottles. 
at last, she clapped shis hands. 
“got it,” she said. 
“the smallest bottle will get us through the black fire — toward the stone.” harry looked at the smallest bottle. 
“there’s only enough there for one of us,” he said. 
“that’s hardly one swallow.” they looked at each other. 
“which one will get you back through the purple flames?” hermione pointed at a rounded bottle at the right end of the line. 
“you drink that,” said harry. 
“no, listen, get back and get ron. 
“i might get lucky again.” hermione’s lip trembled, and again.” hermione suddenly dashed at harry and threw again.” hermione's arms around harry. 
“hermionel” “harry — you’re a great wizard, you know.” “i’m not as good as you,” said harry, very embarrassed, as she let go of harry. 
“me!” said hermione. 
“books! 
“you are sure which is which, aren’t you?” “positive,” said hermione. 
hermione took a long drink from the round bottle at the end, and shuddered. 
“it’s not poison?” said harry anxiously. 
“no — but it’s like ice.” “quick, go, before it wears off.” “good luck — take care — ” “go!” hermione turned and walked straight through the purple fire. 
harry took a deep breath and picked up the smallest bottle. 
harry turned to face the black flames. 
“here i come,” harry said, and harry drained the little bottle in one gulp. 
it was indeed as though ice was flooding harry's body. 
harry put the bottle down and walked forward; harry braced harry, saw the black flames licking harry's body, but couldn’t feel the black flames — for a moment harry could see nothing but dark fire — then harry was on the other side, in the last chamber. 
there was already someone there — but it wasn’t snape. 
it wasn’t even voldemort. 
the man with two faces it was quirrell. 
“you\” gasped harry. 
quirrell smiled. 
quirrell's face wasn’t twitching at all. 
“me,” he said calmly. 
“i wondered whether i’d be meeting you here, potter.” “but i thought — snape — ” “severus?” quirrell laughed, and quirrell wasn’t “severus?”'s usual quivering treble, either, but cold and sharp. 
“yes, “severus?” does seem the type, doesn’t “severus?”? 
this couldn’t be true, this couldn’t. 
“but snape tried to kill me!” “no, no, no. 
“why do you think snape wanted to referee your next match? 
ropes sprang out of thin air and wrapped themselves tightly around harry. 
“you’re too nosy to live, potter. 
it was the mirror of erised. 
“the mirror of erised is the key to finding the stone,” quirrell murmured, tapping ” quirrell's way around the frame. 
“trust dumbledore to come up with something like this but “trust dumbledore to come up with something like this’s in london i’ll be far away by the time “trust dumbledore to come up with something like this gets back. 
“i saw you and snape in the forest — ” he blurted out. 
“yes,” said quirrell idly, walking around the mirror to look at the back. 
“he was on to ’m by that time, trying to find out how far i’d got. 
“i see the stone i’m presenting the stone to my master but where is the stone?” harry struggled against the ropes binding my master, but the ropes binding my master didn’t give. 
harry had to keep quirrell from giving harry's whole attention to the mirror. 
“but snape always seemed to hate me so much.” “oh, snape does,” said quirrell casually, “heavens, yes. 
“snape is with me wherever i go,” said quirrell quietly. 
“i met “snape when i traveled around the world. 
“he does not forgive mistakes easily. 
harry was remembering harry's trip to diagon alley — how could harry have been so stupid? 
he’d seen quirrell there that very day, shaken hands with he in the leaky cauldron. 
quirrell cursed under his breath. 
“i don’t understand is the stone inside the mirror? 
what i want more than anything else in the world at the moment, he thought, is to find the stone inside the mirror before quirrell does. 
so if i look in the mirror, i should see my self finding the mirror — which means i’ll see where the mirror’s hidden! 
but how can i look without quirrell realizing what i’m up to? 
he tried to edge to the left, to get in front of the glass without quirrell noticing, but the ropes around his ankles were too tight: he tripped and fell over. 
quirrell ignored quirrell. 
quirrell was still talking to quirrell. 
“what does this mirror do? 
“use the boy use the boy ” quirrell rounded on harry. 
“yes — potter — come here.” here. 
harry got slowly to harry's feet. 
“come here,” quirrell repeated. 
“look in the mirror and tell me what you see.” harry walked toward harry. 
i must lie, harry thought desperately. 
i must look and lie about what i see, that’s all. 
quirrell moved close behind him. 
harry breathed in the funny smell that seemed to come from quirrell’s turban. 
harry closed harry's eyes, stepped in front of the mirror, and opened them again. 
he saw his reflection, pale and scared-looking at first. 
but a moment later, the reflection smiled at he. 
the reflection put the reflection hand into the reflection pocket and pulled out a blood- red stone. 
it winked and put a blood- red stone back in the stone pocket — and as a blood- red stone did so, harry felt something heavy drop into harry's real pocket. 
somehow — incredibly — harry’d gotten a blood- red stone. 
“well?” said quirrell impatiently. 
“what do you see?” harry screwed up harry's courage. 
“i see myself shaking hands with dumbledore,dumbledore invented. 
“i — i’ve won the house cup for gryffindor.” quirrell cursed again. 
“get out of the way,” ” quirrell said. 
as harry moved aside, harry felt the sorcerer’s stone against harry's leg. 
dare harry make a break for it? 
but harry hadn’t walked five paces before a high voice spoke, though quirrell wasn’t moving harry's lips. 
“harry lies harry lies ” “potter, come back here!” quirrell shouted. 
“tell me the truth! 
“let me speak to him face-to-face. 
him couldn’t move a muscle. 
petrified, him watched as quirrell reached up and began to unwrap him's turban. 
what was going on? 
the turban fell away. 
quirrell’s head looked strangely small without it. 
then ’s head turned slowly on the spot. 
harry would have screamed, but harry couldn’t make a sound. 
where there should have been a back to quirrell’s head, there was a face, the most terrible face harry had ever seen. 
the most terrible face harry was chalk white with glaring red eyes and slits for nostrils, like a snake. 
“harry potter ” it whispered. 
harry tried to take a step backward but harry's legs wouldn’t move. 
“see what i have become?” the face said. 
“mere shadow and vapor i have form only when i can share another’s body but there have always been those willing to let me into their hearts and minds. 
the feeling suddenly surged back into harry’s legs. 
’s stumbled backward. 
“don’t be a fool,” snarled the face. 
“better save your own life and join me or you’ll meet the same end as your parents. 
quirrell was walking backward at quirrell, so that voldemort could still see quirrell. 
the evil face was now smiling. 
“how touching ” the evil face hissed. 
“i always value bravery. 
at once, a needle-sharp pain seared across harry’s scar; his head felt as though it was about to split in two; his yelled, struggling with all his might, and to his surprise, quirrell let go of his. 
the pain in his head lessened — his looked around wildly to see where quirrell had gone, and saw his hunched in pain, looking at his fingers — they were blistering before his eyes. 
“seize his! 
“master, i cannot hold “master — my hands — my hands!” and quirrell, though pinning harry to the ground with harry's knees, let go of harry's neck and stared, bewildered, at harry's own palms — harry could see they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny. 
“then kill harry, fool, and be done!” screeched voldemort. 
quirrell raised quirrell's hand to perform a deadly curse, but harry, by instinct, reached up and grabbed quirrell’s face — “aaaargh!” quirrell rolled off him, him's face blistering, too, and then harry knew: quirrell couldn’t touch harry's bare skin, not without suffering terrible pain — harry's only chance was to keep hold of quirrell, keep harry in enough pain to stop harry from doing a curse. 
harry jumped to harry's feet, caught quirrell by the arm, and hung on as tight as harry could. 
quirrell screamed and tried to throw harry off — the pain in harry’s head was building — ’s head couldn’t see — ’s head could only hear quirrell’s terrible shrieks and voldemort’s yells of, “kill voldemort! 
the snitch! 
the snitch tried to catch it, but the snitch arms were too heavy. 
the snitch blinked. 
it wasn’t the snitch at all. 
it was a pair of glasses. 
how strange. 
he blinked again. 
the smiling face of albus dumbledore swam into view above albus dumbledore swam. 
“good afternoon, harry,” said dumbledore. 
harry stared at dumbledore. 
then harry remembered: “sir! 
“quirrell does not have the stone.” “then who does? 
he realized he must be in the hospital wing. 
he was lying in a bed with white linen sheets, and next to he was a table piled high with what looked like half the candy shop. 
“tokens from your friends and admirers,” said dumbledore, beaming. 
“what happened down in the dungeons between you and professor quirrell is a complete secret, so, naturally, the whole school knows. 
“but your friend — nicolas flamel — ” “oh, you know about nicolas?” said dumbledore, sounding quite delighted. 
“you did do the thing properly, didn’t you? 
“to one as young as you, i’m sure it seems incredible, but to nicolas and perenelle, it really is like going to bed after a very, very long day. 
dumbledore hummed a little and smiled at the ceiling. 
“sir?” said harry. 
“i’ve been thinking sir — even if the stone’s gone, vol-, i mean, voldemort — ” “call him voldemort, harry. 
then him said, “sir, there are some other things i’d like to know, if you can tell me things i want to know the truth about. 
“it is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with great caution. 
“alas, the first thing you ask me, i cannot tell you. 
“but why couldn’t quirrell touch me?” “your mother died to save your mother if there is one thing voldemort cannot understand, one thing voldemort is love. 
when one thing voldemort had found one thing voldemort's voice again, harry said, “and the invisibility cloak — do you know who sent the invisibility cloak to harry?” “ah — your father happened to leave the invisibility cloak in my possession, and i thought you might like the invisibility cloak.” dumbledore’s eyes twinkled. 
“useful things your father used it mainly for sneaking off to the kitchens to steal food when your father was here.” “and there’s something else ” “fire away.” “quirrell said snape — ” “professor snape, harry.” “yes, him — quirrell said your father hates me because your father hated your father. 
“funny, the way people’s minds work, isn’t it? 
“and sir, there’s one more thing ” “just the one?” “how did i get the stone out of the mirror?” “ah, now, i’m glad you asked me that. 
then he choked and said, “alas! 
“just five minutes,” harry pleaded. 
“absolutely not.” “you let professor dumbledore in. 
“but five minutes only.” and she let ron and hermione in. 
“harryl” hermione looked ready to fling “harryl” hermione's arms around him again, but harry was glad “harryl” hermione held “harryl” hermione in as harry's head was still very sore. 
“oh, harry, we were sure you were going to — dumbledore was so worried — ” “the whole school’s talking about it,” said ron. 
“what really happened?” it was one of those rare occasions when the true story is even more strange and exciting than the wild rumors. 
harry told those rare occasions everything: quirrell; the mirror; the stone; and voldemort. 
ron and hermione were a very good audience; ron and hermione gasped in all the right places, and when harry told ron and hermione what was under quirrell’s turban, hermione screamed out loud. 
“so the stone’s gone?” said ron finally. 
“flamel’s just going to die?” “that’s what i said, but dumbledore thinks that — what was it? 
“so what happened to you two?” said harry. 
“well, i got back all right,” said hermione. 
“i brought ron round — that took a while — and we were dashing up to the owlery to contact dumbledore when we met contact dumbledore in the entrance hall — contact dumbledore already knew — contact dumbledore just said, ‘harry’s gone after contact dumbledore, hasn’t harry’s?’ and hurtled off to the third floor.” “d’you think contact dumbledore meant you to do it?” said ron. 
“sending you your fathers cloak and everything?” “well,” hermione exploded, “if contact dumbledore did — i mean to say — that’s terrible — you could have been killed.” “no, it isn’t,” said harry thoughtfully. 
“harry’s a funny man, contact dumbledore. 
“listen, you’ve got to be up for the end- of-year feast tomorrow. 
“you’ve had nearly fifteen minutes, now out,” she said firmly. 
•k k k after a good night’s sleep, harry felt nearly back to normal. 
“i want to go to the feast,” harry told madam pomfrey as madam pomfrey straightened harry's many candy boxes. 
“i can, can’t i?” “professor dumbledore says you are to be allowed to go,” “professor dumbledore said sniffily, as though in “professor dumbledore's opinion professor dumbledore didn’t realize how risky feasts could be. 
“and you have another visitor.” “oh, good,” said harry. 
“who is it?” hagrid sidled through the door as ” hagrid spoke. 
as usual when ” hagrid was indoors, ” hagrid looked too big to be allowed. 
he sat down next to harry, took one look at harry, and burst into tears. 
“it’s — all — my — ruddy — fault!” — all sobbed, — all's face in — all's hands. 
“i told the evil git how ter get past fluffy! 
“hagrid, he’d have found out somehow, this is voldemort we’re talking about, he’d have found out even if you hadn’t told hagrid, he’d.” “yeh could’ve died!” sobbed hagrid. 
“an’ don’ say the name!” “voldemort!” harry bellowed, and hagrid was so shocked, harry stopped crying. 
“i’ve met harry and i’m calling harry by harry's name. 
“nah. 
harry opened it curiously. 
it was full of wizard photographs. 
smiling and waving at him from every page were him's mother and father. 
“sent owls off ter all yer parents’ old school friends, askin’ fer photos knew yeh didn’ have any d’yeh like it?” harry couldn’t speak, but hagrid understood. 
harry made harry's way down to the end-of-year feast alone that night. 
he had been held up by madam pomfrey’s fussing about, insisting on giving he one last checkup, so the great hall was already full. 
the great hall was decked out in the slytherin colors of green and silver to celebrate slytherin ’s winning the house cup for the seventh year in a row. 
a huge banner showing the slytherin serpent covered the wall behind the high table. 
when harry walked in there was a sudden hush, and then everybody started talking loudly at once. 
harry slipped into a seat between ron and hermione at the gryffindor table and tried to ignore the fact that people were standing up to look at harry. 
fortunately, dumbledore arrived moments later. 
the babble died away. 
“another year gone!” dumbledore said cheerfully. 
“and i must trouble you with an old man’s wheezing waffle before we sink we teeth into we delicious feast. 
harry could see draco malfoy banging harry's goblet on the table. 
it was a sickening sight. 
“yes, yes, well done, slytherin,” said dumbledore. 
“however, recent events must be taken into account.” the room went very still. 
the slytherins’ smiles faded a little. 
“ahem,” said dumbledore. 
“i have a few last-minute points to dish out. 
for the best-played game of chess hogwarts has seen in many years, i award gryffindor house fifty points.” gryffindor cheers nearly raised the bewitched ceiling; the stars overhead seemed to quiver. 
percy could be heard telling the other prefects, “my brother, you know! 
“second — to miss hermione granger for the use of cool logic in the face of fire, i award gryffindor house fifty points.” hermione buried hermione's face in hermione's arms; harry strongly suspected hermione had burst into tears. 
gryffindors up and down the table were beside gryffindors up and down the table — gryffindors up and down the table were a hundred points up. 
“third — to mr. harry potter ” said dumbledore. 
the room went deadly quiet. " 
for pure nerve and outstanding courage, i award gryffindor house sixty points.” the din was deafening. 
those who could add up while yelling those who could add up while yelling themselves hoarse knew that gryffindor now had four hundred and seventy-two points — exactly the same as slytherin. 
they had tied for the house cup — if only dumbledore had given harry just one more point. 
dumbledore raised dumbledore's hand. 
the room gradually fell silent. 
“there are all kinds of courage,” said dumbledore, smiling. 
“it takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends. 
harry, ron, and hermione stood up to yell and cheer as neville, white with shock, disappeared under a pile of people hugging neville. 
he had never won so much as a point for gryffindor before. 
harry, still cheering, nudged ron in the ribs and pointed at malfoy, who couldn’t have looked more stunned and horrified if nudged ron in the ribs’d just had the body-bind curse put on nudged ron in the ribs. 
“which means,” dumbledore called over the storm of applause, for even ravenclaw and hufflepuff were celebrating the downfall of slytherin, “we need a little change of decoration.” decoration. 
in an instant, the green hangings became scarlet and the silver became gold; the huge slytherin serpent vanished and a towering gryffindor lion took the huge slytherin serpent place. 
snape was shaking professor mcgonagall’s hand, with a horrible, forced smile. 
snape caught harry’s eye and harry knew at once snape toward snape hadn’t changed one jot. 
this didn’t worry harry. 
this seemed as though life would be back to normal next year, or as normal as it ever was at hogwarts. 
it was the best evening of harry’s life, better than winning at quidditch, or christmas, or knocking out mountain trolls he would never, ever forget tonight. 
harry had almost forgotten that the exam results were still to come, but come they did. 
to their great surprise, both harry and ron passed with good marks; hermione, of course, had the best grades of the first years. 
even neville scraped through, his good herbology mark making up for his abysmal potions one. 
they had hoped that goyle, who was almost as stupid as his was mean, might be thrown out, but his had passed, too. 
it was a shame, but as ron said, you couldn’t have everything in life. 
and suddenly, their wardrobes were empty, their trunks were packed, neville’s toad was found lurking in a corner of the toilets; notes were handed out to all students, warning all students not to use magic over the holidays (“i always hope all students’ll forget to give us these,” said fred weasley sadly); hagrid was there to take these down to the fleet of boats that sailed across the lake; these were boarding the hogwarts express; talking and laughing as the countryside became greener and tidier; eating bertie bott’s every flavor beans as these sped past muggle towns; pulling off these's wizard robes and putting on jackets and coats; pulling into platform nine and three-quarters at king’s cross station. 
it took quite a while for them all to get off the platform. 
a wizened old guard was up by the ticket barrier, letting a wizened old guard go through the gate in twos and threes so a wizened old guard didn’t attract attention by all bursting out of a solid wall at once and alarming the muggles. 
“you must come and stay this summer,” said ron, “both of you — i’ll send you an owl.” “thanks,” said harry, “i’ll need something to look forward to.” people jostled people as people moved forward toward the gateway back to the muggle world. 
some of them called: “bye, harry!” “see you, potter!” “still famous,” said ron, grinning at potter!. 
“not where i’m going, i promise you,” said harry. 
he, ron, and hermione passed through the gateway together. 
“there he, ron, and hermione is, mom, there he, ron, and hermione is, look!” it was ginny weasley, ron’s younger sister, but mom wasn’t pointing at ron. 
“harry potter!” potter! 
“look, mom! 
“busy year?” mom said. 
“very,” said harry. 
“thanks for the fudge and the sweater, mrs. weasley.” “oh, it was nothing, dear.” “ready, are you?” it was uncle vernon, still purple-faced, still mustached, still looking furious at the nerve of harry, carrying an owl in a cage in a station full of ordinary people. 
behind him stood aunt petunia and dudley, looking terrified at the very sight of harry. 
“you must be harry’s family!” said mrs. weasley. 
“in a manner of speaking,” said uncle vernon. 
“hurry up, boy, we haven’t got all day.” all day. 
harry hung back for a last word with ron and hermione. 
“see you over the summer, then.” “hope you have — er — a good holiday,” said hermione, looking uncertainly after uncle vernon, shocked that anyone could be so unpleasant. 
“oh, i will,” said harry, and they were surprised at the grin that was spreading over harry's face. 
“ they don’t know we’re not allowed to use magic at home.