The villagers of Little Hangleton still called it “the Riddle House,” even though it had been many years since the Riddle family had lived there. 
it stood on a hill overlooking the village, some of it windows boarded, tiles missing from it roof, and ivy spreading unchecked over It face. 
Once a fine-looking manor, and easily the largest and grandest building for miles around, the Riddle House was now damp, derelict, and unoccupied. 
The Little Hangletons all agreed that the old house was “creepy.” Half a century ago, something strange and horrible had happened there, something that the older inhabitants of the village still liked to discuss when topics for gossip were scarce. 
The story had been picked over so many times, and had been embroidered in so many places, that nobody was quite sure what the truth was anymore. 
Every version of the tale, however, started in the same place: Fifty years before, at daybreak on a fine summer’s morning, when the Riddle House had still been well kept and impressive, a maid had entered the drawing room to find all three Riddles dead. 
a maid had run screaming down the hill into the village and roused as many people as she could. 
“Lying there with their eyes wide open! 
Nobody wasted their breath pretending to feel very sad about the Riddles, for their had been most unpopular. 
Elderly Mister and Mistress Riddle had been rich, snobbish, and rude, and Elderly Mister and Mistress Riddle's grown-up son, Tom, had been, if anything, worse. 
All the villagers cared about was the identity of All the villagers cared's murderer — for plainly, three apparently healthy people did not all drop dead of natural causes on the same night. 
The Hanged Man, the village pub, did a roaring trade that night; the whole village seemed to have turned out to discuss the murders. 
They were rewarded for leaving They's firesides when the Riddles’ cook arrived dramatically in They's midst and announced to the suddenly silent pub that a man called Frank Bryce had just been arrested. 
“Frank!” cried several people. 
“Never!” Frank Bryce was the Riddles’ gardener. 
Frank Bryce lived alone in a rundown cottage on the grounds of the Riddle House. 
Frank had come back from the war with a very stiff leg and a great dislike of crowds and loud noises, and had been working for the Riddles ever since. 
There was a rush to buy the cook drinks and hear more details. 
“Always thought he was odd,” she told the eagerly listening villagers, after shis fourth sherry. 
“Unfriendly, like. 
“There’s been a spare key hanging in the gardener’s cottage far back as I can remember! 
“I always thought he had a nasty look about he, right enough,” grunted a man at the bar. 
“War turned he funny, if you ask me,” said the landlord. 
“Told you I wouldn’t like to get on the wrong side of Frank, didn’t I, Dot?” said an excited woman in the corner. 
“Horrible temper,” said Dot, nodding fervently. 
“I remember, when he was a kid ” By the following morning, hardly anyone in Little Hangleton doubted that Frank Bryce had killed the Riddles. 
But over in the neighboring town of Great Hangleton, in the dark and dingy police station, Frank was stubbornly repeating, again and again, that Frank was innocent, and that the only person Frank had seen near the house on the day of the Riddles’ deaths had been a teenage boy, a stranger, dark-haired and pale. 
Nobody else in the village had seen any such boy, and the police were quite sure that Frank had invented Frank. 
Then, just when things were looking very serious for Frank, the report on the Riddles’ bodies came back and changed everything. 
The police had never read an odder report. 
A team of doctors had examined the bodies and had concluded that none of the Riddles had been poisoned, stabbed, shot, strangled, suffocated, or (as far as they could tell) harmed at all. 
In fact (the report continued, in a tone of unmistakable bewilderment), the Riddles all appeared to be in perfect health — apart from the fact that they were all dead. 
The doctors did note (as though determined to find something wrong with the bodies) that each of the Riddles had a look of terror upon his or her face — but as the frustrated police said, whoever heard of three people being frightened to death? 
As there was no proof that the Riddles had been murdered at all, the police were forced to let Frank go. 
the Riddles were buried in the Little Hangleton churchyard, and their graves remained objects of curiosity for a while. 
To everyone’s surprise, and amid a cloud of suspicion, Frank Bryce returned to Frank Bryce's cottage on the grounds of the Riddle House. 
“ ’S far as I’m concerned, he killed them, and I don’t care what the police say,” said Dot in the Hanged Man. 
“And if he had any decency, he’d leave here, knowing as how we knows he did it.” But Frank did not leave. 
Frank stayed to tend the garden for the next family who lived in the Riddle House, and then the next — for neither family stayed long. 
Perhaps it was partly because of Frank that the new owners said there was a nasty feeling about the place, which, in the absence of inhabitants, started to fall into disrepair. 
The wealthy man who owned the Riddle House these days neither lived there nor put it to any use; The wealthy man who owned the Riddle House these days neither lived there nor put it to any use said in the village that he kept it for “tax reasons,” though nobody was very clear what these might be. 
The wealthy owner continued to pay Frank to do the gardening, however. 
Frank was nearing Frank's seventy- seventh birthday now, very deaf, Frank's bad leg stiffer than ever, but could be seen pottering around the flower beds in fine weather, even though the weeds were starting to creep up on Frank, try as Frank might to suppress them. 
Weeds were not the only things Frank had to contend with either. 
Boys from the village made a habit of throwing stones through the windows of the Riddle House. 
Boys from the village rode Boys from the village's bicycles over the lawns Frank worked so hard to keep smooth. 
Once or twice, they broke into the old house for a dare. 
they knew that old Frank’s devotion to the house and grounds amounted almost to an obsession, and it amused them to see him limping across the garden, brandishing him's stick and yelling croakily at them. 
Frank, for Frank's part, believed the boys tormented him because they, like their parents and grandparents, thought him a murderer. 
So when Frank awoke one night in August and saw something very odd up at the old house, Frank merely assumed that the boys had gone one step further in the boys's attempts to punish Frank. 
It was Frank’s bad leg that woke him; it was paining him worse than ever in him's old age. 
him got up and limped downstairs into the kitchen with the idea of refilling him's hot-water bottle to ease the stiffness in him's knee. 
Standing at the sink, filling the kettle, him looked up at the Riddle House and saw lights glimmering in the Riddle House upper windows. 
Frank knew at once what was going on. 
The boys had broken into the house again, and judging by the flickering quality of the light, The boys had started a fire. 
Frank had no telephone, and in any case, Frank had deeply mistrusted the police ever since the police had taken Frank in for questioning about the Riddles’ deaths. 
Frank put down the kettle at once, hurried back upstairs as fast as Frank's bad leg would allow, and was soon back in Frank's kitchen, fully dressed and removing a rusty old key from its hook by the door. 
He picked up He's walking stick, which was propped against the wall, and set off into the night. 
The front door of the Riddle House bore no sign of being forced, nor did any of the windows. 
Frank limped around to the back of the Riddle House until Frank reached a door almost completely hidden by ivy, took out the old key, put the old key into the lock, and opened the door noiselessly. 
Frank let Frank into the cavernous kitchen. 
Frank had not entered it for many years; nevertheless, although it was very dark, Frank remembered where the door into the hall was, and Frank groped Frank's way toward it, Frank's nostrils full of the smell of decay, ears pricked for any sound of footsteps or voices from overhead. 
He reached the hall, which was a little lighter owing to the large mullioned windows on either side of the front door, and started to climb the stairs, blessing the dust that lay thick upon the stone, because it muffled the sound of He's feet and stick. 
On the landing, Frank turned right, and saw at once where the intruders were: At the very end of the passage a door stood ajar, and a flickering light shone through the gap, casting a long sliver of gold across the black floor. 
Frank edged closer and closer, grasping Frank's walking stick firmly. 
Several feet from the entrance, he was able to see a narrow slice of the room beyond. 
The fire, he now saw, had been lit in the grate. 
This surprised he. 
Then he stopped moving and listened intently, for a man’s voice spoke within the room; it sounded timid and fearful. 
“There is a little more in the bottle, My Lord, if you are still hungry.” “Later,” said a second voice. 
This too belonged to a man — but it was strangely high-pitched, and cold as a sudden blast of icy wind. 
Something about that voice made the sparse hairs on the back of Frank’s neck stand up. 
“Move me closer to the fire, Wormtail.” Frank turned Frank's right ear toward the door, the better to hear. 
There came the clink of a bottle being put down upon some hard surface, and then the dull scraping noise of a heavy chair being dragged across the floor. 
Frank caught a glimpse of a small man, Frank's back to the door, pushing the chair into place. 
Frank was wearing a long black cloak, and there was a bald patch at the back of Frank's head. 
Then Frank went out of sight again. 
“Where is Nagini?” said the cold voice. 
“I — I don’t know, My Lord,” said the cold voice nervously. 
“She set out to explore the house, I think. 
“I will need feeding in the night. 
There was a pause, and then the man called Wormtail spoke again. 
“My Lord, may I ask how long we are going to stay here?” “A week,” said the cold voice. 
“Perhaps longer. 
Owing, no doubt, to a buildup of earwax, he had heard the word “Quidditch,” which was not a word at all. 
“The — the Quidditch World Cup, My Lord?” said Wormtail. 
(Frank dug Frank's finger still more vigorously into his ear.) 
“Forgive me, but — I do not understand — why should we wait until the World Cup is over?” “Because, fool, at this very moment wizards are pouring into the country from all over the world, and every meddler from the Ministry of Magic will be on duty, on the watch for signs of unusual activity, checking and double-checking identities. 
He had distinctly heard the words “Ministry of Magic,” “wizards,” and “Muggles.” Plainly, each of these expressions meant something secret, and Frank could think of only two sorts of people who would speak in code: spies and criminals. 
Frank tightened Frank's hold on Frank's walking stick once more, and listened more closely still. 
“Your Lordship is still determined, then?” Wormtail said quietly. 
“Certainly I am determined, Wormtail.” There was a note of menace in the cold voice now. 
A slight pause followed — and then Wormtail spoke, the words tumbling from him in a rush, as though him was forcing him to say this before him lost him's nerve. 
“It could be done without Harry Potter, My Lord.” Another pause, more protracted, and then — “Without Harry Potter?” breathed the second voice softly. 
“I see ” “My Lord, I do not say this out of concern for the boy!” said Wormtail, his voice rising squeakily. 
“the boy is nothing to me, nothing at all! 
“Laying hands on Harry Potter would be so difficult, he is so well protected — ” “And so you volunteer to go and fetch me a substitute? 
“I can always tell, Wormtail! 
“I am no stronger, and a few days alone would be enough to rob me of the little health I have regained under your clumsy care. 
For a few seconds, Frank could hear nothing but the fire crackling. 
Then the second man spoke once more, in a whisper that was almost a hiss. 
“I have my reasons for using the boy, as I have already explained to you, and I will use no other. 
“All through our journey I have gone over the plan in my head — My Lord, Bertha Jorkins’s disappearance will not go unnoticed for long, and if we proceed, if I murder — ” “IP” whispered the second voice. 
“If? 
“Wormtail, I need somebody with brains, somebody whose loyalty has never wavered, and you, unfortunately, fulfill neither requirement.” “I found you,” said Wormtail, and there was definitely a sulky edge to Wormtail's voice now. 
“I was the one who found you. 
“A stroke of brilliance I would not have thought possible from you, Wormtail — though, if truth be told, you were not aware how useful she would be when you caught she, were you?” “I — I thought she might be useful, My Lord — ” “Liar,” said the second voice again, the cruel amusement more pronounced than ever. 
“However, I do not deny that shis information was invaluable. 
“Ah, Wormtail, you don’t want me to spoil the surprise? 
“You are going to kill me too?” “Wormtail, Wormtail,” said the cold voice silkily, “why would I kill you? 
“We could have modified her memory? 
The man with the cold voice had killed a woman. 
The man with the cold voice was talking about it without any kind of remorse — with amusement. 
He was dangerous — a madman. 
And He was planning more murders — this boy, Harry Potter, whoever he was — was in danger — Frank knew what — Frank must do. 
Now, if ever, was the time to go to the police. 
He would creep out of the house and head straight for the telephone box in the village but the cold voice was speaking again, and Frank remained where Frank was, frozen to the spot, listening with all Frank's might. 
“One more murder my faithful servant at Hogwarts Harry Potter is as good as mine, Wormtail. 
my faithful servant at Hogwarts Harry Potter started making noises such as Frank had never heard before; my faithful servant at Hogwarts Harry Potter was hissing and spitting without drawing breath. 
Frank thought Frank must be having some sort of fit or seizure. 
And then Frank heard movement behind Frank in the dark passageway. 
Frank turned to look, and found Frank paralyzed with fright. 
Something was slithering toward Frank along the dark corridor floor, and as it drew nearer to the sliver of firelight, Frank realized with a thrill of terror that it was a gigantic snake, at least twelve feet long. 
Horrified, transfixed, Frank stared as its undulating body cut a wide, curving track through the thick dust on the floor, coming closer and closer — What was he to do? 
The only means of escape was into the room where two men sat plotting murder, yet if he stayed where he was the snake would surely kill he — But before he had made his decision, the snake was level with the snake, and then, incredibly, miraculously, the snake was passing; the snake was following the spitting, hissing noises made by the cold voice beyond the door, and in seconds, the tip of its diamond-patterned tail had vanished through the gap. 
There was sweat on Frank’s forehead now, and the hand on the walking stick was trembling. 
Inside the room, the cold voice was continuing to hiss, and Frank was visited by a strange idea, an impossible idea . 
This man could talk to snakes. 
Frank didn’t understand what was going on. 
Frank wanted more than anything to be back in Frank's bed with Frank's hot-water bottle. 
The problem was that his legs didn’t seem to want to move. 
As he stood there shaking and trying to master himself, the cold voice switched abruptly to English again. 
“Nagini has interesting news, Wormtail,” it said. 
“In-indeed, My Lord?” said Wormtail. 
“Indeed, yes,” said the voice. 
“According to Nagini, there is an old Muggle standing right outside this room, listening to every word we say.” Frank didn’t have a chance to hide Frank. 
There were footsteps, and then the door of the room was flung wide open. 
A short, balding man with graying hair, a pointed nose, and small, watery eyes stood before Frank, a mixture of fear and alarm in his face. 
“Invite him inside, Wormtail. 
The snake, on the other hand, was curled up on the rotting hearth rug, like some horrible travesty of a pet dog. 
Wormtail beckoned Frank into the room. 
Though still deeply shaken, Frank took a firmer grip upon Frank's walking stick and limped over the threshold. 
The fire was the only source of light in the room; The fire cast long, spidery shadows upon the walls. 
Frank stared at the back of the armchair; the man inside it seemed to be even smaller than Frank's servant, for Frank couldn’t even see the back of Frank's head. 
“You heard everything, Muggle?” said the cold voice. 
“What’s that you’re calling me?” said Frank defiantly, for now that Frank was inside the room, now that the time had come for some sort of action, Frank felt braver; it had always been so in the war. 
“I am calling you a Muggle,” said the voice coolly. 
“It means that you are not a wizard.” “I don’t know what you mean by wizard,” said Frank, his voice growing steadier. 
“All I know is I’ve heard enough to interest the police tonight, I have. 
“Nobody knows you are here. 
“Lord, is it? 
“I am much, much more than a man. 
“You heard me, Wormtail.” Slowly, with Wormtail.”'s face screwed up, as though Wormtail.” would rather have done anything than approach Wormtail.”'s master and the hearth rug where the snake lay, the small man walked forward and began to turn the chair. 
the snake lifted The snake ugly triangular head and hissed slightly as the legs of the chair snagged on The snake rug. 
And then the chair was facing Frank, and he saw what was sitting in the chair. 
he walking stick fell to the floor with a clatter. 
he opened his mouth and let out a scream. 
he was screaming so loudly that he never heard the words the thing in the chair spoke as it raised a wand. 
There was a flash of green light, a rushing sound, and Frank Bryce crumpled. 
Frank Bryce was dead before Frank Bryce hit the floor. 
Two hundred miles away, the boy called Harry Potter woke with a start. 
Harry lay flat on Harry's back, breathing hard as though Harry had been running. 
Harry had awoken from a vivid dream with Harry's hands pressed over Harry's face. 
The old scar on Harry's forehead, which was shaped like a bolt of lightning, was burning beneath his fingers as though someone had just pressed a white-hot wire to someone's skin. 
He sat up, one hand still on He's scar, the other reaching out in the darkness for He's glasses, which were on the bedside table. 
He put them on and He's bedroom came into clearer focus, lit by a faint, misty orange light that was filtering through the curtains from the street lamp outside the window. 
Harry ran Harry's fingers over the scar again. 
It was still painful. 
He turned on the lamp beside He, scrambled out of bed, crossed the room, opened He's wardrobe, and peered into the mirror on the inside of the door. 
A skinny boy of fourteen looked back at A skinny boy of fourteen, A skinny boy of fourteen's bright green eyes puzzled under A skinny boy of fourteen's untidy black hair. 
He examined the lightning-bolt scar of He's reflection more closely. 
It looked normal, but it was still stinging. 
Harry tried to recall what Harry had been dreaming about before Harry had awoken. 
It had seemed so real. 
There had been two people he knew and one he didn’t. 
he concentrated hard, frowning, trying to remember. 
The dim picture of a darkened room came to he. 
There had been a snake on a hearth rug a small man called Peter, nicknamed Wormtail and a cold, high voice the voice of Lord Voldemort. 
Harry felt as though an ice cube had slipped down into Harry's stomach at the very thought. 
Harry closed Harry's eyes tightly and tried to remember what Voldemort had looked like, but it was impossible. 
All Harry knew was that at the moment when Voldemort’s chair had swung around, and Voldemort, Harry, had seen what was sitting in it, Voldemort had felt a spasm of horror, which had awoken Voldemort or had that been the pain in Voldemort's scar? 
And who had the old man been? 
For there had definitely been an old man; Harry had watched the old man fall to the ground. 
It was all becoming confused. 
Harry put Harry's face into Harry's hands, blocking out Harry's bedroom, trying to hold on to the picture of that dimly lit room, but it was like trying to keep water in Harry's cupped hands; the details were now trickling away as fast as Harry tried to hold on to them. 
Voldemort and Wormtail had been talking about someone they had killed, though Harry could not remember the name and they had been plotting to kill someone else him). 
Harry took Harry's face out of Harry's hands, opened Harry's eyes, and stared around Harry's bedroom as though expecting to see something unusual there. 
As it happened, there were an extraordinary number of unusual things in this room. 
A large wooden trunk stood open at the foot of his bed, revealing a cauldron, broomstick, black robes, and assorted spellbooks. 
Rolls of parchment littered that part of his desk that was not taken up by the large, empty cage in which his snowy owl, Hedwig, usually perched. 
On the floor beside his bed a book lay open; Harry had been reading it before Harry fell asleep last night. 
The pictures in this book were all moving. 
Men in bright orange robes were zooming in and out of sight on broomsticks, throwing a red ball to one another. 
Harry walked over to the book, picked it up, and watched one of the wizards score a spectacular goal by putting the ball through a fifty-foot-high hoop. 
Then Harry snapped the book shut. 
Even Quidditch — in Harry’s opinion, the best sport in the world — couldn’t distract Harry at the moment. 
Harry placed Flying with the Cannons on Harry's bedside table, crossed to the window, and drew back the curtains to survey the street below. 
Privet Drive looked exactly as a respectable suburban street would be expected to look in the early hours of Saturday morning. 
All the curtains were closed. 
As far as Harry could see through the darkness, there wasn’t a living creature in sight, not even a cat. 
And yet and yet Harry went restlessly back to the bed and sat down on the bed, running a finger over Harry's scar again. 
It wasn’t the pain that bothered him; Harry was no stranger to pain and injury. 
Harry had lost all the bones from Harry's right arm once and had them painfully regrown in a night. 
The same arm had been pierced by a venomous foot-long fang not long afterward. 
Only last year Harry had fallen fifty feet from an airborne broomstick. 
Harry was used to bizarre accidents and injuries; they were unavoidable if you attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and had a knack for attracting a lot of trouble. 
No, the thing that was bothering Harry was that the last time Harry's scar had hurt Harry, it had been because Voldemort had been close by. 
But Voldemort couldn’t be here, now. 
The idea of Voldemort lurking in Privet Drive was absurd, impossible. 
Harry listened closely to the silence around Harry. 
Was Harry half-expecting to hear the creak of a stair or the swish of a cloak? 
And then he jumped slightly as he heard his cousin Dudley give a tremendous grunting snore from the next room. 
Harry shook Harry mentally; Harry was being stupid. 
There was no one in the house with Harry except Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley, and they were plainly still asleep, their dreams untroubled and painless. 
Asleep was the way Harry liked the Dursleys best; it wasn’t as though they were ever any help to Harry awake. 
Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley were Harry’s only living relatives. 
They were Muggles who hated and despised magic in any form, which meant that Harry was about as welcome in They's house as dry rot. 
They had explained away Harry’s long absences at Hogwarts over the last three years by telling everyone that he went to St. Brutus’s Secure Center for Incurably Criminal Boys. 
They knew perfectly well that, as an underage wizard, Harry wasn’t allowed to use magic outside Hogwarts, but They were still apt to blame Harry for anything that went wrong about the house. 
Harry had never been able to confide in them or tell them anything about Harry's life in the wizarding world. 
The very idea of going to them when them awoke, and telling them about his scar hurting his, and about his worries about Voldemort, was laughable. 
And yet it was because of Voldemort that Harry had come to live with the Dursleys in the first place. 
If it hadn’t been for Voldemort, Harry would not have had the lightning scar on Harry's forehead. 
If it hadn’t been for Voldemort, Harry would still have had parents. 
Harry had been a year old the night that Voldemort — the most powerful Dark wizard for a century, a wizard who had been gaining power steadily for eleven years — arrived at Harry's house and killed Harry's father and mother. 
Voldemort had then turned Voldemort's wand on Harry; Voldemort had performed the curse that had disposed of many full-grown witches and wizards in Voldemort's steady rise to power — and, incredibly, it had not worked. 
Instead of killing the small boy, the curse had rebounded upon Voldemort. 
Harry had survived with nothing but a lightning-shaped cut on Harry's forehead, and Voldemort had been reduced to something barely alive. 
Voldemort powers gone, Voldemort's life almost extinguished, Voldemort had fled; the terror in which the secret community of witches and wizards had lived for so long had lifted, Voldemort’s followers had disbanded, and Harry Potter had become famous. 
It had been enough of a shock for Harry to discover, on Harry's eleventh birthday, that Harry was a wizard; it had been even more disconcerting to find out that everyone in the hidden wizarding world knew his name. 
Harry had arrived at Hogwarts to find that heads turned and whispers followed Harry wherever Harry went. 
But Harry was used to it now: At the end of this summer, Harry would be starting Harry's fourth year at Hogwarts, and Harry was already counting the days until Harry would be back at the castle again. 
But there was still a fortnight to go before Harry went back to school. 
Harry looked hopelessly around Harry's room again, and Harry's eye paused on the birthday cards Harry's two best friends had sent Harry at the end of July. 
What would they say if Harry wrote to they and told they about Harry's scar hurting? 
At once, Hermione Granger’s voice seemed to fill his head, shrill and panicky. 
“ Your scar hurt? 
Harry stared out of the window at the inky blue-black sky. 
Harry doubted very much whether a book could help Harry now. 
As far as Harry knew, Harry was the only living person to have survived a curse like Voldemort’s; it was highly unlikely, therefore, that Voldemort would find Voldemort's symptoms listed in Common Magical Ailments and Afflictions. 
As for informing the headmaster, Harry had no idea where Dumbledore went during the summer holidays. 
Harry amused Harry for a moment, picturing Dumbledore, with Harry's long silver beard, full-length wizard’s robes, and pointed hat, stretched out on a beach somewhere, rubbing suntan lotion onto his long crooked nose. 
Wherever Dumbledore was, though, Harry was sure that Hedwig would be able to find Harry; Harry’s owl had never yet failed to deliver a letter to anyone, even without an address. 
But what would Harry write? 
Dear Professor Dumbledore, Sorry to bother you, but my scar hurt this morning. 
Yours sincerely, Harry Potter. 
Even inside his head the words sounded stupid. 
And so he tried to imagine his other best friend, Ron Weasley’s, reaction, and in a moment, Ron’s red hair and long-nosed, freckled face seemed to swim before Harry, wearing a bemused expression. 
“ Your scar hurt? 
In any case, Harry didn’t like the idea of the whole Weasley family knowing that Harry, Harry, was getting jumpy about a few moments’ pain. 
Mistress Weasley would fuss worse than Hermione, and Fred and George, Ron’s sixteen-year-old twin brothers, might think Harry was losing his nerve. 
The Weasleys were Harry’s favorite family in the world; he was hoping that they might invite he to stay any time now (Ron had mentioned something about the Quidditch World Cup), and he somehow didn’t want his visit punctuated with anxious inquiries about his scar. 
Harry kneaded Harry's forehead with Harry's knuckles. 
What he really wanted (and it felt almost shameful to admit it to he) was someone like — someone like a parent: an adult wizard whose advice he could ask without feeling stupid, someone who cared about him, who had had experience with Dark Magic. 
And then the solution came to him. 
It was so simple, and so obvious, that him couldn’t believe it had taken so long — Sirius. 
Harry leapt up from the bed, hurried across the room, and sat down at Harry's desk; Harry pulled a piece of parchment toward him, loaded Harry's eagle-feather quill with ink, wrote Dear Sirius, then paused, wondering how best to phrase Harry's problem, still marveling at the fact that Harry hadn’t thought of Dear Sirius straight away. 
But then, perhaps it wasn’t so surprising — after all, Harry had only found out that Dear Sirius was Harry's godfather two months ago. 
There was a simple reason for Sirius’s complete absence from Harry’s life until then — Sirius had been in Azkaban, the terrifying wizard jail guarded by creatures called dementors, sightless, soul-sucking fiends who had come to search for Dear Sirius at Hogwarts when he had escaped. 
Yet — Sirius had been innocent — the murders for which he had been convicted had been committed by Wormtail, Voldemort’s supporter, whom nearly everybody now believed dead. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione knew otherwise, however; Harry, Ron, and Hermione had come face-to-face with Wormtail only the previous year, though only Professor Dumbledore had believed their story. 
For one glorious hour, Harry had believed that Harry was leaving the Dursleys at last, because Sirius had offered Harry a home once Harry's name had been cleared. 
But the chance had been snatched away from Harry — Wormtail had escaped before they could take Harry to the Ministry of Magic, and Sirius had had to flee for Harry's life. 
Harry had helped Harry escape on the back of a hippogriff called Buckbeak, and since then, Sirius had been on the run. 
The home Harry might have had if Wormtail had not escaped had been haunting him all summer. 
It had been doubly hard to return to the Dursleys knowing that he had so nearly escaped them forever. 
Nevertheless, Sirius had been of some help to Harry, even if Harry couldn’t be with Harry. 
It was due to Sirius that Harry now had all Harry's school things in Harry's bedroom with Harry. 
The Dursleys had never allowed this before; their general wish of keeping Harry as miserable as possible, coupled with their fear of Harry's powers, had led them to lock his school trunk in the cupboard under the stairs every summer prior to this. 
But them's attitude had changed since them had found out that Harry had a dangerous murderer for a godfather — for Harry had conveniently forgotten to tell them that Sirius was innocent. 
Harry had received two letters from Sirius since Harry had been back at Privet Drive. 
Both had been delivered, not by owls (as was usual with wizards), but by large, brightly colored tropical birds. 
Hedwig had not approved of these flashy intruders; Hedwig had been most reluctant to allow these flashy intruders to drink from Hedwig's water tray before flying off again. 
Harry, on the other hand, had liked them; them put Harry in mind of palm trees and white sand, and Harry hoped that, wherever Sirius was (Sirius never said, in case the letters were intercepted), Harry was enjoying Harry. 
Somehow, Harry found it hard to imagine dementors surviving for long in bright sunlight; perhaps that was why Sirius had gone south. 
Sirius’s letters, which were now hidden beneath the highly useful loose floorboard under Harry’s bed, sounded cheerful, and in both of them Harry had reminded Harry to call on Harry if ever Harry needed to. 
Well, Harry needed to now, all right. 
Harry’s lamp seemed to grow dimmer as the cold gray light that precedes sunrise slowly crept into the room. 
Finally, when the sun had risen, when Harry's bedroom walls had turned gold, and when sounds of movement could be heard from Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia’s room, Harry cleared Harry's desk of crumpled pieces of parchment and reread Harry's finished letter. 
Dear Sirius, Thanks for your last letter. 
That bird was enormous; That bird could hardly get through my window. 
Things are the same as usual here. 
Dudley’s diet isn’t going too well. 
My aunt found him smuggling doughnuts into him's room yesterday. 
They told him They ’d have to cut him's pocket money if him keeps doing it, so him got really angry and chucked him's PlayStation out of the window. 
That’s a sort of computer thing you can play games on. 
Bit stupid really, now he hasn’t even got Mega-Mutilation Part Three to take his mind off things. 
I’m okay, mainly because the Dursleys are terrified you might turn up and turn them all into bats if I ask you to. 
A weird thing happened this morning, though. 
My scar hurt again. 
Last time that happened it was because Voldemort was at Hogwarts. 
But I don’t reckon he can be anywhere near me now, can he? 
Do you know if curse scars sometimes hurt years afterward? 
I’ll send this with Hedwig when Hedwig gets back; Hedwig’s offhunt-\ing at the moment. 
Say hello to Buckbeak for me. 
Harry Yes, thought Harry, that looked all right. 
There was no point putting in the dream; Harry didn’t want it to look as though Harry was too worried. 
Harry folded up the parchment and laid the parchment aside on Harry's desk, ready for when Hedwig returned. 
Then Harry got to Harry's feet, stretched, and opened Harry's wardrobe once more. 
Without glancing at his reflection, his started to get dressed before going down to breakfast. 
By the time Harry arrived in the kitchen, the three Dursleys were already seated around the table. 
None of them looked up as Harry entered or sat down. 
Uncle Vernon’s large red face was hidden behind the morning’s Daily Mail, and Aunt Petunia was cutting a grapefruit into quarters, Aunt Petunia's lips pursed over Aunt Petunia's horselike teeth. 
Dudley looked furious and sulky, and somehow seemed to be taking up even more space than usual. 
This was saying something, as he always took up an entire side of the square table by he. 
When Aunt Petunia put a quarter of unsweetened grapefruit onto Dudley’s plate with a tremulous “There you are, Diddy darling,” Dudley glowered at her. 
His life had taken a most unpleasant turn since His had come home for the summer with His's end-of-year report. 
Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia had managed to find excuses for his bad marks as usual: Aunt Petunia always insisted that Dudley was a very gifted boy whose teachers didn’t understand him, while Uncle Vernon maintained that “Uncle Vernon didn’t want some swotty little nancy boy for a son anyway.” They also skated over the accusations of bullying in the report — “Uncle Vernon’s a boisterous little boy, but Uncle Vernon wouldn’t hurt a fly!” Aunt Petunia had said tearfully. 
However, at the bottom of the report there were a few well-chosen comments from the school nurse that not even Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia could explain away. 
No matter how much Aunt Petunia wailed that Dudley was big-boned, and that his poundage was really puppy fat, and that his was a growing boy who needed plenty of food, the fact remained that the school outfitters didn’t stock knickerbockers big enough for his anymore. 
The school nurse had seen what Aunt Petunia’s eyes — so sharp when it came to spotting fingerprints on her gleaming walls, and in observing the comings and goings of the neighbors — simply refused to see: that far from needing extra nourishment, Dudley had reached roughly the size and weight of a young killer whale. 
So — after many tantrums, after arguments that shook Harry’s bedroom floor, and many tears from Aunt Petunia — the new regime had begun. 
The diet sheet that had been sent by the Smeltings school nurse had been taped to the fridge, which had been emptied of all Dudley’s favorite things — fizzy drinks and cakes, chocolate bars and burgers — and filled instead with fruit and vegetables and the sorts of things that Uncle Vernon called “rabbit food.” To make Dudley feel better about it all, Aunt Petunia had insisted that the whole family follow the diet too. 
Aunt Petunia now passed a grapefruit quarter to Harry. 
Harry noticed that it was a lot smaller than Dudley’s. 
Aunt Petunia seemed to feel that the best way to keep up Dudley’s morale was to make sure that he did, at least, get more to eat than Harry. 
But Aunt Petunia didn’t know what was hidden under the loose floorboard upstairs. 
Aunt Petunia had no idea that Harry was not following the diet at all. 
The moment he had got wind of the fact that he was expected to survive the summer on carrot sticks, Harry had sent Hedwig to Harry's friends with pleas for help, and they had risen to the occasion magnificently. 
Hedwig had returned from Hermione’s house with a large box stuffed full of sugar-free snacks. 
(Hermione’s parents were dentists.) 
Hagrid, the Hogwarts gamekeeper, had obliged with a sack full of his own homemade rock cakes. 
(Harry hadn’t touched these; Harry had had too much experience of Hagrid ’s cooking.) 
Molly, however, had sent the family owl, Errol, with an enormous fruitcake and assorted meat pies. 
Poor Errol, who was elderly and feeble, had needed a full five days to recover from the journey. 
And then on Harry’s birthday (which the Dursleys had completely ignored) Harry had received four superb birthday cakes, one each from Ron, Hermione, Hagrid, and Sirius. 
Harry still had two of them left, and so, looking forward to a real breakfast when Harry got back upstairs, Harry ate Harry's grapefruit without complaint. 
Uncle Vernon laid aside Uncle Vernon's paper with a deep sniff of disapproval and looked down at Uncle Vernon's own grapefruit quarter. 
“Is this it?” he said grumpily to Aunt Petunia. 
Aunt Petunia gave him a severe look, and then nodded pointedly at Dudley, who had already finished him's own grapefruit quarter and was eyeing Harry’s with a very sour look in him's piggy little eyes. 
Uncle Vernon gave a great sigh, which ruffled Uncle Vernon's large, bushy mustache, and picked up Uncle Vernon's spoon. 
The doorbell rang. 
Uncle Vernon heaved himself out of Uncle Vernon's chair and set off down the hall. 
Quick as a flash, while his mother was occupied with the kettle, Dudley stole the rest of Uncle Vernon’s grapefruit. 
Harry heard talking at the door, and someone laughing, and Uncle Vernon answering curtly. 
Then the door closed, and the sound of ripping paper came from the hall. 
Aunt Petunia set the teapot down on the table and looked curiously around to see where Uncle Vernon had got to. 
Aunt Petunia didn’t have to wait long to find out; after about a minute, he was back. 
he looked livid. 
“You,” he barked at Harry. 
“In the living room. 
Uncle Vernon closed the door sharply behind both of them. 
“So,” he said, marching over to the fireplace and turning to face Harry as though he were about to pronounce Harry under arrest. 
“So.” Harry would have dearly loved to have said, “So what?” but Harry didn’t feel that Uncle Vernon’s temper should be tested this early in the morning, especially when it was already under severe strain from lack of food. 
Harry therefore settled for looking politely puzzled. 
“This just arrived,” said Uncle Vernon. 
Uncle Vernon brandished a piece of purple writing paper at Harry. 
“A letter. 
Who would be writing to Uncle Vernon about him? 
Who did he know who sent letters by the postman? 
Uncle Vernon glared at Harry, then looked down at the letter and began to read aloud: Dear Mister and Petunia, We have never been introduced, but I am sure you have heard a great deal from Harry about my son Ron. 
As Harry might have told you, the final of the Quidditch World Cup takes place this Monday night, and my husband, Arthur, has just managed to get prime tickets through his connections at the Department of Magical Games and Sports. 
I do hope you will allow us to take Harry to the match, as this really is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity; Britain hasn’t hosted the cup for thirty years, and tickets are extremely hard to come by. 
We would of course be glad to have Harry stay for the remainder of the summer holidays, and to see Harry safely onto the train back to school. 
It would be best for Harry to send us your answer as quickly as possible in the normal way, because the Muggle postman has never delivered to our house, and I am not sure Harry even knows where it is. 
Hoping to see Harry soon, Yours sincerely, Molly Weasley P.S. 
I do hope we’ve put enough stamps on. 
Uncle Vernon finished reading, put Uncle Vernon's hand back into Uncle Vernon's breast pocket, and drew out something else. 
“Look at this,” he growled. 
he held up the envelope in which Molly’s letter had come, and Harry had to fight down a laugh. 
Every bit of it was covered in stamps except for a square inch on the front, into which Molly had squeezed the Dursleys’ address in minute writing. 
“Molly did put enough stamps on, then,” said Harry, trying to sound as though Molly’s was a mistake anyone could make. 
His uncle’s eyes flashed. 
“The postman noticed,” The postman said through gritted teeth. 
“Very interested to know where this letter came from, he was. 
Other people might not understand why Uncle Vernon was making a fuss about too many stamps, but Harry had lived with the Dursleys too long not to know how touchy they were about anything even slightly out of the ordinary. 
they worst fear was that someone would find out that they were connected (however distantly) with people like Molly. 
Uncle Vernon was still glaring at Harry, who tried to keep Uncle Vernon's expression neutral. 
If he didn’t do or say anything stupid, he might just be in for the treat of a lifetime. 
he waited for Uncle Vernon to say something, but he merely continued to glare. 
Harry decided to break the silence. 
“So — can I go then?” — asked. 
A slight spasm crossed Uncle Vernon’s large purple face. 
The mustache bristled. 
Harry thought Harry knew what was going on behind the mustache: a furious battle as two of Uncle Vernon’s most fundamental instincts came into conflict. 
Allowing Harry to go would make Harry happy, something Uncle Vernon had struggled against for thirteen years. 
On the other hand, allowing Harry to disappear to the Weasleys’ for the rest of the summer would get rid of Harry two weeks earlier than anyone could have hoped, and Uncle Vernon hated having Harry in the house. 
To give himself thinking time, it seemed, himself looked down at Molly’s letter again. 
“Who is this woman?” himself said, staring at the signature with distaste. 
“You’ve seen her,” said Harry. 
“She’s my friend Ron’s mother, She was meeting him off the Hog — off the school train at the end of last term.” He had almost said “Hogwarts Express,” and that was a sure way to get He's uncle’s temper up. 
Nobody ever mentioned the name of Harry’s school aloud in the Dursley household. 
Uncle Vernon screwed up Uncle Vernon's enormous face as though trying to remember something very unpleasant. 
“Dumpy sort of woman?” he growled finally. 
“Load of children with red hair?” Harry frowned. 
Harry thought it was a bit rich of Uncle Vernon to call anyone “dumpy,” when his own son, Dudley, had finally achieved what his’d been threatening to do since the age of three, and become wider than his’d was tall. 
Uncle Vernon was perusing the letter again. 
“Quidditch,” he muttered under his breath. 
“Quidditch — what is this rubbish?” Harry felt a second stab of annoyance. 
“It’s a sport,” he said shortly. 
“Played on broom — ” “All right, all right!” said Uncle Vernon loudly. 
Harry saw, with some satisfaction, that Harry's uncle looked vaguely panicky. 
Apparently Harry's nerves couldn’t stand the sound of the word “broomsticks” in his living room. 
his took refuge in perusing the letter again. 
Harry saw Harry's lips form the words “send us your answer in the normal way.” He scowled. 
“What does she mean, ‘the normal way’?” he spat. 
“Normal for us,” said Harry, and before Harry's uncle could stop Harry, Harry added, “you know, owl post. 
Shaking with anger, Harry shot a nervous look through the window, as though expecting to see some of the neighbors with some of the neighbors's ears pressed against the glass. 
“How many times do I have to tell you not to mention that unnaturalness under my roof?” Harry hissed, Harry's face now a rich plum color. 
“You stand there, in the clothes Petunia and I have put on your ungrateful back — ” “Only after Dudley finished with them,” said Harry coldly, and indeed, Harry was dressed in a sweatshirt so large for Harry that Harry had had to roll back the sleeves five times so as to be able to use Harry's hands, and which fell past the knees of Harry's extremely baggy jeans. 
“I will not be spoken to like that!” said Uncle Vernon, trembling with rage. 
But Harry wasn’t going to stand for this. 
Gone were the days when Harry had been forced to take every single one of the Dursleys’ stupid rules. 
Harry wasn’t following Dudley’s diet, and Harry wasn’t going to let Uncle Vernon stop Harry from going to the Quidditch World Cup, not if Harry could help it. 
Harry took a deep, steadying breath and then said, “Okay, I can’t see the World Cup. 
Harry had said the magic words. 
Now Harry watched the purple recede blotchily from Uncle Vernon’s face, making it look like badly mixed black currant ice cream. 
“You’re — you’re writing to him, are you?” said Uncle Vernon, in a would-be calm voice — but Harry had seen the pupils of Harry's tiny eyes contract with sudden fear. 
“Well — yeah,” said Harry, casually. 
“It’s been a while since he heard from me, and, you know, if he doesn’t, he might start thinking something’s wrong.” he stopped there to enjoy the effect of these words. 
he could almost see the cogs working under Uncle Vernon’s thick, dark, neatly parted hair. 
If he tried to stop Harry writing to Sirius, Sirius would think Harry was being mistreated. 
If Harry told Harry he told Harry told Harry couldn’t go to the Quidditch World Cup, Harry would write and tell Sirius, who would know Harry was being mistreated. 
There was only one thing for Uncle Vernon to do. 
Harry could see the conclusion forming in Harry's uncle’s mind as though the great mustached face were transparent. 
Harry tried not to smile, to keep Harry's own face as blank as possible. 
And then — “Well, all right then. 
He turned and walked toward the living room door, fighting the urge to jump into the air and whoop. 
He was going He was going to the Weasleys’, He was going to watch the Quidditch World Cup! 
Outside in the hall He nearly ran into Dudley, who had been lurking behind the door, clearly hoping to overhear Harry being told off. 
He looked shocked to see the broad grin on Harry’s face. 
“That was an excellent breakfast, wasn’t it?” said Harry. 
“I feel really full, don’t you?” Laughing at the astonished look on Dudley’s face, Harry took the stairs three at a time, and hurled Harry back into Harry's bedroom. 
The first thing he saw was that Hedwig was back. 
Hedwig was sitting in Hedwig's cage, staring at Harry with Hedwig's enormous amber eyes, and clicking Hedwig's beak in the way that meant Hedwig was annoyed about something. 
Exactly what was annoying Hedwig's became apparent almost at once. 
“OUCH!” said Harry as what appeared to be a small, gray, feathery tennis ball collided with the side of Harry's head. 
Harry massaged the spot furiously, looking up to see what had hit Harry, and saw a minute owl, small enough to fit into the palm of Harry's hand, whizzing excitedly around the room like a loose firework. 
Harry then realized that the owl had dropped a letter at Harry's feet. 
Harry bent down, recognized Ron’s handwriting, then tore open the envelope. 
Inside was a hastily scribbled note. 
Harry — DAD GOT THE TICKETS — Ireland versus Bulgaria, Monday night. 
Mum’s writing to the Muggles to ask you to stay. 
They might already have the letter, I don’t know how fast Muggle post is. 
Thought I’d send this with Pig anyway. 
Harry stared at the word “Pig,” then looked up at the tiny owl now zooming around the light fixture on the ceiling. 
Harry had never seen anything that looked less like a pig. 
Maybe Harry couldn’t read Ron’s writing. 
Harry went back to the letter: We’re coming for you whether the Muggles like it or not, you can’t miss the World Cup, only Mum and Dad reckon it’s better if we pretend to ask their permission first. 
If their say yes, send Pig back with your answer pronto, and we’ll come and get you at five o’clock on Sunday. 
If they say no, send Pig back pronto and we’ll come and get you at five o’clock on Sunday anyway. 
Hermione’s arriving this afternoon. 
Hermione’s started work — the Department of International Magical Cooperation. 
Don’t mention anything about Abroad while you’re here unless you want the pants bored off you. 
See you soon — Ron “Calm down!” Harry said as the small owl flew low over Harry's head, twittering madly with what Harry could only assume was pride at having delivered the letter to the right person. 
“Come here, I need you to take my answer back!” The owl fluttered down on top of Hedwig’s cage. 
Hedwig looked coldly up at it, as though daring it to try and come any closer. 
Harry seized Harry's eagle-feather quill once more, grabbed a fresh piece of parchment, and wrote: Ron, it’s all okay, the Muggles say I can come. 
See you five o’clock tomorrow. 
Can’t wait. 
Harry He folded this note up very small, and with immense difficulty, tied it to the tiny owl’s leg as it hopped on the spot with excitement. 
The moment the note was secure, the owl was off again; the owl zoomed out of the window and out of sight. 
Harry turned to Hedwig. 
“Feeling up to a long journey?” Harry asked her. 
Hedwig hooted in a dignified sort of a way. 
“Can you take this to Sirius for me?” me said, picking up me's letter. 
“Hang on I just want to finish it.” He unfolded the parchment and hastily added a postscript. 
If you want to contact me, I’ll be at my friend Ron Weasley’s for the rest of the summer. 
His dad’s got us tickets for the Quidditch World Cup\ The letter finished, His tied it to Hedwig’s leg; she kept unusually still, as though determined to show His how a real post owl should behave. 
“I’ll be at Ron’s when you get back, all right?” Harry told her. 
her nipped his finger affectionately, then, with a soft swooshing noise, spread her enormous wings and soared out of the open window. 
Harry watched her out of sight, then crawled under Harry's bed, wrenched up the loose floorboard, and pulled out a large chunk of birthday cake. 
Harry sat there on the floor eating it, savoring the happiness that was flooding through Harry. 
Harry had cake, and Dudley had nothing but grapefruit; it was a bright summer’s day, Harry would be leaving Privet Drive tomorrow, Harry's scar felt perfectly normal again, and Harry was going to watch the Quidditch World Cup. 
It was hard, just now, to feel worried about anything — even Lord Voldemort. 
By twelve o’clock the next day, Harry’s school trunk was packed with Harry's school things and all Harry's most prized possessions — the Invisibility Cloak he had inherited from his father, the broomstick he had gotten from Sirius, the enchanted map of Hogwarts he had been given by Fred and George Weasley last year. 
George Weasley had emptied George Weasley's hiding place under the loose floorboard of all food, double-checked every nook and cranny of George Weasley's bedroom for forgotten spellbooks or quills, and taken down the chart on the wall counting down the days to September the first, on which he liked to cross off the days remaining until his return to Hogwarts. 
The atmosphere inside number four, Privet Drive was extremely tense. 
The imminent arrival at their house of an assortment of wizards was making the Dursleys uptight and irritable. 
Uncle Vernon had looked downright alarmed when Harry informed Uncle Vernon that the Weasley s would be arriving at five o’clock the very next day. 
“I hope you told them to dress properly, these people,” he snarled at once. 
“I’ve seen the sort of stuff your lot wear. 
He had rarely seen Mister or Molly wearing anything that the Dursleys would call “normal.” Their children might don Muggle clothing during the holidays, but Mister and Molly usually wore long robes in varying states of shabbiness. 
Harry wasn’t bothered about what the neighbors would think, but Harry was anxious about how rude the Dursleys might be to the Weasleys if they turned up looking like their worst idea of wizards. 
Uncle Vernon had put on his best suit. 
To some people, this might have looked like a gesture of welcome, but Harry knew it was because Uncle Vernon wanted to look impressive and intimidating. 
Dudley, on the other hand, looked somehow diminished. 
This was not because the diet was at last taking effect, but due to fright. 
Dudley had emerged from his last encounter with a fully-grown wizard with a curly pig’s tail poking out of the seat of his trousers, and Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon had had to pay for its removal at a private hospital in London. 
It wasn’t altogether surprising, therefore, that Dudley kept running his hand nervously over his backside, and walking sideways from room to room, so as not to present the same target to the enemy. 
Lunch was an almost silent meal. 
Dudley didn’t even protest at the food (cottage cheese and grated celery). 
Aunt Petunia wasn’t eating anything at all. 
Aunt Petunia arms were folded, Aunt Petunia's lips were pursed, and Aunt Petunia seemed to be chewing Aunt Petunia's tongue, as though biting back the furious diatribe Aunt Petunia longed to throw at Harry. 
“They’ll be driving, of course?” Uncle Vernon barked across the table. 
“Er,” said Harry. 
Harry hadn’t thought of that. 
How were the Weasleys going to pick Harry up? 
They didn’t have a car anymore; the old Ford Anglia They had once owned was currently running wild in the Forbidden Forest at Hogwarts. 
But Arthur had borrowed a Ministry of Magic car last year; possibly Arthur would do the same today? 
“I think so,” said Harry. 
Uncle Vernon snorted into Uncle Vernon's mustache. 
Normally, Uncle Vernon would have asked what car Arthur drove; Uncle Vernon tended to judge other men by how big and expensive other men's cars were. 
But Harry doubted whether Uncle Vernon would have taken to Arthur even if he drove a Ferrari. 
Harry spent most of the afternoon in Harry's bedroom; Harry couldn’t stand watching Aunt Petunia peer out through the net curtains every few seconds, as though there had been a warning about an escaped rhinoceros. 
Finally, at a quarter to five, Harry went back downstairs and into the living room. 
Aunt Petunia was compulsively straightening cushions. 
Uncle Vernon was pretending to read the paper, but Uncle Vernon's tiny eyes were not moving, and Harry was sure Harry was really listening with all Harry's might for the sound of an approaching car. 
Dudley was crammed into an armchair, his porky hands beneath his, clamped firmly around his bottom. 
Harry couldn’t take the tension; Harry left the room and went and sat on the stairs in the hall, Harry's eyes on Harry's watch and Harry's heart pumping fast from excitement and nerves. 
But five o’clock came and then went. 
Uncle Vernon, perspiring slightly in Uncle Vernon's suit, opened the front door, peered up and down the street, then withdrew his head quickly. 
“They’re late!” he snarled at Harry. 
“I know,” said Harry. 
“Maybe — er — the traffic’s bad, or something.” Ten past five then a quarter past five Harry was starting to feel anxious Ten past five then a quarter past five Harry now. 
At half past, he heard Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia conversing in terse mutters in the living room. 
“No consideration at all.” “We might’ve had an engagement.” “Maybe they think theyll get invited to dinner if they’re late.” “Well, they most certainly won’t be,” said Uncle Vernon, and Harry heard Uncle Vernon stand up and start pacing the living room. 
“They’ll take the boy and go, there 11 be no hanging around. 
“What’s the matter?” But Dudley didn’t seem able to speak. 
Hands still clamped over his buttocks, his waddled as fast as his could into the kitchen. 
Harry hurried into the living room. 
Loud hangings and scrapings were coming from behind the Dursleys’ boarded-up fireplace, which had a fake coal fire plugged in front of it. 
“What is it?” gasped Aunt Petunia, who had backed into the wall and was staring, terrified, toward the fire. 
“What is it, Vernon?” But they were left in doubt barely a second longer. 
Voices could be heard from inside the blocked fireplace. 
“Ouch! 
“Harry? 
“What is this?” growled Uncle Vernon. 
“What’s going on?” “They — They’ve tried to get here by Floo powder,” said Harry, fighting a mad desire to laugh. 
“They can travel by fire — only you’ve blocked the fireplace — hang on — ” He approached the fireplace and called through the boards. 
“Arthur? 
Somebody inside the chimney piece said, “Shh!” “Arthur, it’s Harry the fireplace has been blocked up. 
“What on earth did they want to block up the fireplace for?” “They’ve got an electric fire,” Harry explained. 
“Really?” said Arthur’s voice excitedly. 
“Eclectic, you say? 
“What are we doing here? 
“No, this is exactly where we wanted to end up.” “Yeah, we’re having the time of we lives here,” said George, whose voice sounded muffled, as though he was squashed against the wall. 
“Boys, boys ” said Arthur vaguely. 
“I’m trying to think what to do. 
Uncle Vernon, however, moved forward. 
“Wait a moment!” he bellowed at the fire. 
“What exactly are you going to — ” the fire shot across the room as the boarded- up fireplace burst outward, expelling Arthur, Fred, George, and Ron in a cloud of rubble and loose chippings. 
Aunt Petunia shrieked and fell backward over the coffee table; Uncle Vernon caught Aunt Petunia's before Aunt Petunia hit the floor, and gaped, speechless, at the Weasleys, all of whom had bright red hair, including Fred and George, who were identical to the last freckle. 
“That’s better,” panted Arthur, brushing dust from Arthur's long green robes and straightening his glasses. 
“Ah — you must be Harry’s aunt and uncle!” Tall, thin, and balding, he moved toward Uncle Vernon, his hand outstretched, but Uncle Vernon backed away several paces, dragging Aunt Petunia. 
Words utterly failed Uncle Vernon. 
Uncle Vernon best suit was covered in white dust, which had settled in Uncle Vernon's hair and mustache and made Uncle Vernon look as though Uncle Vernon had just aged thirty years. 
“Er — yes — sorry about that,” said Arthur, lowering Arthur's hand and looking over Arthur's shoulder at the blasted fireplace. 
“It’s all my fault. 
They were still gaping at Arthur, thunderstruck. 
Aunt Petunia staggered upright again and hid behind Uncle Vernon. 
“Hello, Harry!” said Arthur brightly. 
“Got your trunk ready?” “It’s upstairs,” said Harry, grinning back. 
“Well get it,” said Fred at once. 
Winking at Harry, he and George left the room. 
he and George knew where Harry’s bedroom was, having once rescued Harry’s from Harry’s bedroom in the dead of night. 
Harry suspected that Fred and George were hoping for a glimpse of Dudley; they had heard a lot about him from Harry. 
“Well,” said Arthur, swinging Arthur's arms slightly, while Arthur tried to find words to break the very nasty silence. 
“Very — erm — very nice place you’ve got here.” As the usually spotless living room was now covered in dust and bits of brick, this remark didn’t go down too well with the Dursleys. 
Uncle Vernon’s face purpled once more, and Aunt Petunia started chewing her tongue again. 
However, they seemed too scared to actually say anything. 
Arthur was looking around. 
Arthur loved everything to do with Muggles. 
Harry could see Harry itching to go and examine the television and the video recorder. 
“They run off eckeltricity, do They?” he said knowledgeably. 
“Ah yes, I can see the plugs. 
“And batteries. 
He moved ever so slightly to the right, screening Aunt Petunia from view, as though He thought Mister Weasley might suddenly run at them and attack. 
Dudley suddenly reappeared in the room. 
Harry could hear the clunk of Harry's trunk on the stairs, and knew that the sounds had scared Dudley out of the kitchen. 
Dudley edged along the wall, gazing at Arthur with terrified eyes, and attempted to conceal himself behind himself's mother and father. 
Unfortunately, Uncle Vernon’s bulk, while sufficient to hide bony Aunt Petunia, was nowhere near enough to conceal Dudley. 
“Ah, this is your cousin, is it, Harry?” said Mister Weasley, taking another brave stab at making conversation. 
“Yep,” said Harry, “that’s Dudley.” He and Ron exchanged glances and then quickly looked away from each other; the temptation to burst out laughing was almost overwhelming. 
’s Dudley was still clutching his bottom as though afraid it might fall off. 
Arthur, however, seemed genuinely concerned at ’s Dudley’s peculiar behavior. 
Indeed, from the tone of Arthur's voice when Arthur next spoke, Harry was quite sure that Arthur thought Dudley was quite as mad as the Dursleys thought Harry was, except that Arthur felt sympathy rather than fear. 
“Having a good holiday, Dudley?” Dudley? 
Dudley whimpered. 
Harry saw Harry's hands tighten still harder over Harry's massive backside. 
Fred and George came back into the room carrying Harry’s school trunk. 
Fred and George glanced around as Fred and George entered and spotted Dudley. 
Their faces cracked into identical evil grins. 
“Ah, right,” said Arthur. 
“Better get cracking then.” Arthur pushed up the sleeves of Arthur's robes and took out Arthur's wand. 
Harry saw the Dursleys draw back against the wall as one. 
“Incendio\” said Arthur, pointing Incendio\”'s wand at the hole in the wall behind him. 
Flames rose at once in the fireplace, crackling merrily as though they had been burning for hours. 
Mister Weasley took a small drawstring bag from Mister Weasley's pocket, untied it, took a pinch of the powder inside, and threw it onto the flames, which turned emerald green and roared higher than ever. 
“Off you go then, Fred,” said Arthur. 
“Coming,” said Fred. 
“Oh no — hang on — ” A bag of sweets had spilled out of Fred’s pocket and the contents were now rolling in every direction — big, fat toffees in brightly colored wrappers. 
Fred scrambled around, cramming them back into Fred's pocket, then gave the Dursleys a cheery wave, stepped forward, and walked right into the fire, saying “the Burrow!” Aunt Petunia gave a little shuddering gasp. 
There was a whooshing sound, and Fred vanished. 
“Right then, George,” said Arthur, “you and the trunk.” Harry helped George carry the trunk forward into the flames and turn the trunk onto the trunk end so that Harry could hold it better. 
Then, with a second whoosh, George had cried “the Burrow!” and vanished too. 
“Ron, you next,” said Arthur. 
“See you,” said Ron brightly to the Dursleys. 
He grinned broadly at Harry, then stepped into the fire, shouted “the Burrow!” and disappeared. 
Now Harry and Arthur alone remained. 
“Well T>ye then,” Harry said to the Dursleys. 
They didn’t say anything at all. 
Harry moved toward the fire, but just as Harry reached the edge of the hearth, Arthur put out a hand and held Arthur back. 
Arthur was looking at the Dursleys in amazement. 
“Harry said good-bye to you,” Harry said. 
“Didn’t you hear him?” “It doesn’t matter,” Harry muttered to Arthur. 
“Honestly, I don’t care.” Arthur did not remove Arthur's hand from Harry’s shoulder. 
“You aren’t going to see your nephew till next summer,” your nephew said to Uncle Vernon in mild indignation. 
“Surely you’re going to say good-bye?” Uncle Vernon’s face worked furiously. 
The idea of being taught consideration by a man who had just blasted away half his living room wall seemed to be causing his intense suffering. 
But Arthur’s wand was still in Arthur's hand, and Uncle Vernon’s tiny eyes darted to it once, before Arthur said, very resentfully, “Good-bye, then.” “See you,” said Harry, putting one foot forward into the green flames, which felt pleasantly like warm breath. 
At that moment, however, a horrible gagging sound erupted behind him, and Aunt Petunia started to scream. 
Harry wheeled around. 
Dudley was no longer standing behind Harry's parents. 
He was kneeling beside the coffee table, and He was gagging and sputtering on a foot-long, purple, slimy thing that was protruding from He's mouth. 
One bewildered second later, Harry realized that the foot-long thing was Dudley’s tongue — and that a brightly colored toffee wrapper lay on the floor before Harry. 
Aunt Petunia hurled Aunt Petunia onto the ground beside Dudley, seized the end of his swollen tongue, and attempted to wrench it out of his mouth; unsurprisingly, Dudley yelled and sputtered worse than ever, trying to fight Aunt Petunia's off. 
Uncle Vernon was bellowing and waving Uncle Vernon's arms around, and Mister Weasley had to shout to make Mister Weasley heard. 
“Not to worry, I can sort him out!” him yelled, advancing on Dudley with his wand outstretched, but Aunt Petunia screamed worse than ever and threw Aunt Petunia on top of Dudley, shielding him from Mister Weasley. 
“No, really!” said Arthur desperately. 
“It’s a simple process — it was the toffee — my son Fred — real practical joker — but it’s only an Engorgement Charm — at least, I think it is — please, I can correct it — ” But far from being reassured, the Dursleys became more panic-stricken; Aunt Petunia was sobbing hysterically, tugging Dudley’s tongue as though determined to rip it out; Dudley appeared to be suffocating under the combined pressure of his mother and his tongue; and Uncle Vernon, who had lost control completely, seized a china figure from on top of the sideboard and threw it very hard at Mister Weasley, who ducked, causing the ornament to shatter in the blasted fireplace. 
“Now really!” said Arthur angrily, brandishing Arthur's wand. 
“I’m trying to help\” Bellowing like a wounded hippo, Uncle Vernon snatched up another ornament. 
“Harry, go! 
“I’ll sort this out!” Harry didn’t want to miss the fun, but Uncle Vernon’s second ornament narrowly missed Harry's left ear, and on balance Harry thought it best to leave the situation to Arthur. 
Arthur stepped into the fire, looking over Arthur's shoulder as Arthur said “the Burrow!” Arthur last fleeting glimpse of the living room was of Arthur blasting a third ornament out of Uncle Vernon’s hand with Arthur's wand, Aunt Petunia screaming and lying on top of Dudley, and Dudley’s tongue lolling around like a great slimy python. 
But next moment Harry had begun to spin very fast, and the Dursleys’ living room was whipped out of sight in a rush of emerald-green flames. 
Harry spun faster and faster, elbows tucked tightly to Harry's sides, blurred fireplaces flashing past Harry, until Harry started to feel sick and closed Harry's eyes. 
Then, when at last Harry felt Harry slowing down, Harry threw out Harry's hands and came to a halt in time to prevent Harry from falling face forward out of the Weasleys’ kitchen fire. 
“Did Harry eat it?” said Fred excitedly, holding out a hand to pull Harry to Harry's feet. 
“Yeah,” said Harry, straightening up. 
“What was it?” “Ton-Tongue Toffee,” said Fred brightly. 
“George and I invented them, and we’ve been looking for someone to test them on all summer. 
“How’re you doing, Harry?” said the nearer of the two, grinning at Harry and holding out a large hand, which Harry shook, feeling calluses and blisters under Harry's fingers. 
This had to be Charlie, who worked with dragons in Romania. 
Charlie was built like the twins, shorter and stockier than Percy and Ron, who were both long and lanky. 
Charlie had a broad, good-natured face, which was weather-beaten and so freckly that Charlie looked almost tanned; Charlie's arms were muscular, and one of them had a large, shiny burn on it. 
Bill got to Bill's feet, smiling, and also shook Harry’s hand. 
Bill came as something of a surprise. 
Harry knew that Harry worked for the wizarding bank, Gringotts, and that Bill had been Head Boy at Hogwarts; Harry had always imagined Bill to be an older version of Percy: fussy about rule-breaking and fond of bossing everyone around. 
However, Bill was — there was no other word for it — cool. 
He was tall, with long hair that He had tied back in a ponytail. 
He was wearing an earring with what looked like a fang dangling from it. 
Bill’s clothes would not have looked out of place at a rock concert, except that Harry recognized his boots to be made, not of leather, but of dragon hide. 
Before any of them could say anything else, there was a faint popping noise, and Arthur appeared out of thin air at George’s shoulder. 
Arthur was looking angrier than Harry had ever seen Arthur. 
“That wasn’t funny, Fred!” Arthur shouted. 
“What on earth did you give that Muggle boy?” “I didn’t give him anything,” said Fred, with another evil grin. 
“I just dropped it. 
“You knew he’d eat it, you knew he was on a diet — ” “How big did his tongue get?” George asked eagerly. 
“It was four feet long before George's parents would let me shrink it!” Harry and the Weasleys roared with laughter again. 
“It isn’t funny\” Arthur shouted. 
“That sort of behavior seriously undermines wizard-Muggle relations! 
“No, we gave it to him because him’s a great bullying git,” said George. 
“Isn’t he, Harry?” “Yeah, he is, Arthur,” said Harry earnestly. 
“That’s not the point!” raged Arthur. 
“You wait until I tell your mother — ” “Tell me what?” said a voice behind them. 
Molly had just entered the kitchen. 
Molly was a short, plump woman with a very kind face, though Molly's eyes were presently narrowed with suspicion. 
“Oh hello, Harry, dear,” she said, spotting Harry and smiling. 
Then shis eyes snapped back to shis husband. 
“Tell me what , Arthur?” Arthur hesitated. 
Harry could tell that, however angry Harry was with Fred and George, Harry hadn’t really intended to tell Molly what had happened. 
There was a silence, while Arthur eyed Arthur's wife nervously. 
Then two girls appeared in the kitchen doorway behind Molly. 
One, with very bushy brown hair and rather large front teeth, was Harry’s and Ron’s friend, Hermione Granger. 
The other, who was small and red-haired, was Ron’s younger sister, Ginny. 
Both of them smiled at Harry, who grinned back, which made Ginny go scarlet — she had been very taken with Harry ever since Harry's first visit to the Burrow. 
“Tell me what, Arthur?” Molly repeated, in a dangerous sort of voice. 
“It’s nothing, Molly,” mumbled Arthur, “Fred and George just — but I’ve had words with them — ” “What have them done this time?” said Molly. 
“If it’s got anything to do with Weasleys’ Wizard Wheezes — ” “Why don’t you show Harry where he’s sleeping, Ron?” said Hermione from the doorway. 
“He knows where He’s sleeping,” said Ron, “in my room, He slept there last — ” “We can all go,” said Hermione pointedly. 
“Oh,” said Ron, cottoning on. 
“Right.” “Yeah, we’ll come too,” said George. 
“You stay where you are!” snarled Molly. 
Harry and Ron edged out of the kitchen, and they, Hermione, and Ginny set off along the narrow hallway and up the rickety staircase that zigzagged through the house to the upper stories. 
“What are Weasleys’ Wizard Wheezes?” Harry asked as they climbed. 
Ron and Ginny both laughed, although Hermione didn’t. 
“Mum found this stack of order forms when Mum was cleaning Fred and George’s room,” said Ron quietly. 
“Great long price lists for stuff they’ve invented. 
“We thought they just liked the noise.” “Only, most of the stuff — well, all of it, really — was a bit dangerous,” said Ron, “and, you know, they were planning to sell it at Hogwarts to make some money, and Mum went mad at them. 
“And then there was this big row,” Ginny said, “because Mum wants them to go into the Ministry of Magic like Dad, and them told Mum's all they want to do is open a joke shop.” Just then a door on the second landing opened, and a face poked out wearing horn-rimmed glasses and a very annoyed expression. 
“Hi, Percy,” said Harry. 
“Oh hello, Harry,” said Percy. 
“I was wondering who was making all the noise. 
“We’re walking. 
“A report for the Department of International Magical Cooperation,” said Percy smugly. 
“We’re trying to standardize cauldron thickness. 
“Front page of the Daily Prophet, I expect, cauldron leaks.” Percy went slightly pink. 
“You might sneer, Ron,” Percy said heatedly, “but unless some sort of international law is imposed we might well find the market flooded with flimsy, shallow- bottomed products that seriously endanger — ” “Yeah, yeah, all right,” said Ron, and he started off upstairs again. 
Percy slammed Percy's bedroom door shut. 
As Harry, Hermione, and Ginny followed Ron up three more flights of stairs, shouts from the kitchen below echoed up to them. 
It sounded as though Mister Weasley had told Molly about the toffees. 
The room at the top of the house where Ron slept looked much as it had the last time that Harry had come to stay: the same posters of Ron’s favorite Quidditch team, the Chudley Cannons, were whirling and waving on the walls and sloping ceiling, and the fish tank on the windowsill, which had previously held frog spawn, now contained one extremely large frog. 
Ron’s old rat, Scabbers, was here no more, but instead there was the tiny gray owl that had delivered Ron’s letter to Harry in Privet Drive. 
It was hopping up and down in a small cage and twittering madly. 
“Shut up, Pig,” said Ron, edging his way between two of the four beds that had been squeezed into the room. 
“Fred and George are in here with us, because Bill and Charlie are in Fred and George's room,” he told Harry. 
“Percy gets to keep Percy's room all to Percy because Percy’s got to work.” “Er — why are you calling that owl Pig?” Harry asked Ron. 
“Because he’s being stupid,” said Ginny. 
“Its proper name is Pigwidgeon.” “Yeah, and that’s not a stupid name at all,” said Ron sarcastically. 
“Ginny named him,” he explained to Harry. 
“Ginny reckons it’s sweet. 
Harry knew Ron too well to take him seriously. 
Harry had moaned continually about Harry's old rat, Scabbers, but had been most upset when Hermione’s cat, Crookshanks, appeared to have eaten Harry. 
“Where’s Crookshanks?” Harry asked Hermione now. 
“Out in the garden, I expect,” Hermione said. 
“He likes chasing gnomes. 
“Enjoying it?” said Ron darkly. 
“I don’t reckon he’d come home if Dad didn’t make him. 
“Did you get our food parcels and everything?” “Yeah, thanks a lot,” said Harry. 
“They saved my life, those cakes.” “And have you heard from — ?” Ron began, but at a look from Hermione he fell silent. 
Harry knew Ron had been about to ask about Sirius. 
Ron and Hermione had been so deeply involved in helping Sirius escape from the Ministry of Magic that they were almost as concerned about Harry’s godfather as Harry was. 
However, discussing him in front of Ginny was a bad idea. 
Nobody but themselves and Professor Dumbledore knew about how Sirius had escaped, or believed in Professor Dumbledore's innocence. 
“I think they’ve stopped arguing,” said Hermione, to cover the awkward moment, because Ginny was looking curiously from Ron to Harry. 
“Shall we go down and help your mum with dinner?” “Yeah, all right,” said Ron. 
The four of them left Ron’s room and went back downstairs to find Molly alone in the kitchen, looking extremely bad-tempered. 
“We’re eating out in the garden,” Molly said when they came in. 
“There’s just not room for eleven people in here. 
“Oh for heaven’s sake,” she snapped, now directing her wand at a dustpan, which hopped off the sideboard and started skating across the floor, scooping up the potatoes. 
“Those two!” she burst out savagely, now pulling pots and pans out of a cupboard, and Harry knew she meant Fred and George. 
“I don’t know what’s going to happen to them, I really don’t. 
A creamy sauce poured from the wand tip as she stirred. 
“It’s not as though they haven’t got brains,” she continued irritably, taking the saucepan over to the stove and lighting the stove with a further poke of shis wand, “but they’re wasting them, and unless them pull them together soon, them’ll be in real trouble. 
Harry and Ron both jumped out of the way as several knives soared out of it, flew across the kitchen, and began chopping the potatoes, which had just been tipped back into the sink by the dustpan. 
“I don’t know where we went wrong with them,” said Molly, putting down Molly's wand and starting to pull out still more saucepans. 
“It’s been the same for years, one thing after another, and they won’t listen to — OH NOT AGAIN.” She had picked up Shis wand from the table, and it had emitted a loud squeak and turned into a giant rubber mouse. 
“One of their fake wands again!” She shouted. 
“How many times have I told them not to leave them lying around?” She grabbed Shis real wand and turned around to find that the sauce on the stove was smoking. 
“C’mon,” Ron said hurriedly to Harry, seizing a handful of cutlery from the open drawer, “let’s go and help Bill and Charlie.” They left Molly and headed out the back door into the yard. 
They had only gone a few paces when Hermione’s bandy-legged ginger cat, Crookshanks, came pelting out of the garden, bottle-brush tail held high in the air, chasing what looked like a muddy potato on legs. 
Harry recognized it instantly as a gnome. 
Barely ten inches high, its horny little feet pattered very fast as its sprinted across the yard and dived headlong into one of the Wellington boots that lay scattered around the door. 
Harry could hear the gnome giggling madly as Crookshanks inserted a paw into the boot, trying to reach it. 
Meanwhile, a very loud crashing noise was coming from the other side of the house. 
The source of the commotion was revealed as they entered the garden, and saw that Bill and Charlie both had Bill and Charlie both's wands out, and were making two battered old tables fly high above the lawn, smashing into each other, each attempting to knock the other’s out of the air. 
Fred and George were cheering, Ginny was laughing, and Hermione was hovering near the hedge, apparently torn between amusement and anxiety. 
Bill’s table caught Charlie’s with a huge bang and knocked one of its legs off. 
There was a clatter from overhead, and they all looked up to see Percy’s head poking out of a window on the second floor. 
“Will you keep it down? 
“Sorry, Perce,” said Bill, grinning. 
“How’re the cauldron bottoms coming on?” “Very badly,” said Percy peevishly, and Percy slammed the window shut. 
Chuckling, Bill and Charlie directed the tables safely onto the grass, end to end, and then, with a flick of his wand, Bill reattached the table leg and conjured tablecloths from nowhere. 
By seven o’clock, the two tables were groaning under dishes and dishes of Molly’s excellent cooking, and the nine Weasleys, Harry, and Hermione were settling Harry, and Hermione down to eat beneath a clear, deep- blue sky. 
To somebody who had been living on meals of increasingly stale cake all summer, this was paradise, and at first, Harry listened rather than talked as Harry helped Harry to chicken and ham pie, boiled potatoes, and salad. 
At the far end of the table, Percy was telling Percy's father all about Percy's report on cauldron bottoms. 
“I’ve told Mister Crouch that I’ll have it ready by Tuesday,” Percy was saying pompously. 
“That’s a bit sooner than he expected it, but I like to keep on top of things. 
“he was the one who got us such good tickets for the Cup. 
“he says Bertha’s gotten lost plenty of times before now — though I must say, if it was someone in my department, I’d be worried. 
“I hear she’s been shunted from department to department for years, much more trouble than she’s worth but all the same, Bagman ought to be trying to find she. 
“ You know the one I’m talking about, Father.” He raised He's voice slightly. 
“The top- secret one.” Ron rolled his eyes and muttered to Harry and Hermione, “He’s been trying to get us to ask what that event is ever since He started work. 
“ with a horrible great fang on it. 
“And your hair’s getting silly, dear,” said Mistress Weasley, fingering her wand lovingly. 
“I wish you’d let me give it a trim. 
“You’re so old-fashioned, Mum. 
“It’s got to be Ireland,” said Charlie thickly, through a mouthful of potato. 
“They flattened Peru in the semifinals.” “Bulgaria has got Viktor Krum, though,” said Fred. 
“Krum’s one decent player, Ireland has got seven,” said Charlie shortly. 
“I wish England had got through. 
“Went down to Transylvania, three hundred and ninety to ten,” said Charlie gloomily. 
“Shocking performance. 
Flying came more naturally to Harry than anything else in the magical world, and Harry played in the position of Seeker on the Gryffindor House team. 
Arthur conjured up candles to light the darkening garden before they had their homemade strawberry ice cream, and by the time they had finished, moths were fluttering low over the table, and the warm air was perfumed with the smells of grass and honeysuckle. 
Harry was feeling extremely well fed and at peace with the world as Harry watched several gnomes sprinting through the rosebushes, laughing madly and closely pursued by Crookshanks. 
Ron looked carefully up the table to check that the rest of the family were all busy talking, then Harry said very quietly to Harry, “So — have you heard from Sirius lately?” Hermione looked around, listening closely. 
“Yeah,” said Harry softly, “twice. 
“Look at the time,” Molly said suddenly, checking ” Molly's wristwatch. 
“You really should be in bed, the whole lot of you — you’ll be up at the crack of dawn to get to the Cup. 
“Well, I certainly don’t,” said Percy sanctimoniously. 
“I shudder to think what the state of my in-tray would be if I was away from work for five days.” “Yeah, someone might slip dragon dung in it again, eh, Perce?” said Fred. 
“That was a sample of fertilizer from Norway!” said Percy, going very red in the face. 
“It was nothing personall” “It was,” Fred whispered to Harry as they got up from the table. 
“We sent it.” Harry felt as though Harry had barely lain down to sleep in Ron’s room when Harry was being shaken awake by Molly. 
“Time to go, Harry, dear,” she whispered, moving away to wake Ron. 
Harry felt around for Harry's glasses, put them on, and sat up. 
It was still dark outside. 
Ron muttered indistinctly as his mother roused him. 
At the foot of Harry’s mattress Harry saw two large, disheveled shapes emerging from tangles of blankets. 
“ ’S’ time already?” said Fred groggily. 
They dressed in silence, too sleepy to talk, then, yawning and stretching, the four of They headed downstairs into the kitchen. 
Molly was stirring the contents of a large pot on the stove, while Arthur was sitting at the table, checking a sheaf of large parchment tickets. 
Arthur looked up as the boys entered and spread Arthur's arms so that they could see Arthur's clothes more clearly. 
Arthur was wearing what appeared to be a golfing sweater and a very old pair of jeans, slightly too big for Arthur and held up with a thick leather belt. 
“What d’you think?” Arthur asked anxiously. 
“We’re supposed to go incognito — do I look like a Muggle, Harry?” “Yeah,” said Harry, smiling, “very good.” “Where ’re Bill and Charlie and Per-Per-Percy?” said George, failing to stifle a huge yawn. 
“Well, they’re Apparating, aren’t they?” said Mistress Weasley, heaving the large pot over to the table and starting to ladle porridge into bowls. 
“So they can have a bit of a lie-in.” Harry knew that Apparating meant disappearing from one place and reappearing almost instantly in another, but had never known any Hogwarts student to do it, and understood that it was very difficult. 
“So they’re still in bed?” said Fred grumpily, pulling his bowl of porridge toward his. 
“Why can’t we Apparate too?” “Because you’re not of age and you haven’t passed your test,” snapped Molly. 
“And where have those girls got to?” Molly bustled out of the kitchen and they heard Molly's climbing the stairs. 
“You have to pass a test to Apparate?” Harry asked. 
“Oh yes,” said Arthur, tucking the tickets safely into the back pocket of Arthur's jeans. 
“The Department of Magical Transportation had to fine a couple of people the other day for Apparating without a license. 
“Er — splinched?” said Harry. 
“They left half of They behind,” said Mister Weasley, now spooning large amounts of treacle onto his porridge. 
“So, of course, they were stuck. 
“Were they okay?” he asked, startled. 
“Oh yes,” said Arthur matter-of-factly. 
“But they got a heavy fine, and I don’t think they’ll be trying it again in a hurry. 
“He failed the first time, Apparated five miles south of where He meant to, right on top of some poor old dear doing her shopping, remember?” “Yes, well, he passed the second time,” said Mistress Weasley, marching back into the kitchen amid hearty sniggers. 
“Percy only passed two weeks ago,” said George. 
“Percy’s been Apparating downstairs every morning since, just to prove Percy can.” There were footsteps down the passageway and Hermione and Ginny came into the kitchen, both looking pale and drowsy. 
“Why do we have to be up so early?” Ginny said, rubbing early?” Ginny's eyes and sitting down at the table. 
“We’ve got a bit of a walk,” said Arthur. 
“Walk?” said Harry. 
“What, are we walking to the World Cup?” “No, no, that’s miles away,” said Arthur, smiling. 
“We only need to walk a short way. 
“What?” said George, in an innocent tone that deceived nobody. 
“What is that in your pocket?” “Nothing!” “Don’t you lie to me!” Molly pointed ” Molly's wand at George’s pocket and said, “Acciol” Several small, brightly colored objects zoomed out of George’s pocket; he made a grab for them but missed, and them sped right into Molly ’s outstretched hand. 
“We told you to destroy them!” said Molly furiously, holding up what were unmistakably more Ton-Tongue Toffees. 
“We told you to get rid of the lot! 
“Acciol Acciol Acciol” she shouted, and toffees zoomed from all sorts of unlikely places, including the lining of George’s jacket and the turn-ups of Fred’s jeans. 
“We spent six months developing those!” Fred shouted at his mother as she threw the toffees away. 
“Oh a fine way to spend six months!” she shrieked. 
“No wonder you didn’t get more O.W.L.s!” All in all, the atmosphere was not very friendly as they took their departure. 
Molly was still glowering as Molly kissed Arthur on the cheek, though not nearly as much as the twins, who had each hoisted their rucksacks onto their backs and walked out without a word to Molly. 
“Well, have a lovely time,” said Molly, “and behave yourselves,” Molly called after the twins’ retreating backs, but they did not look back or answer. 
“I’ll send Bill, Charlie, and Percy along around midday,Molly said to Arthur, as he, Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny set off across the dark yard after Fred and George. 
It was chilly and the moon was still out. 
Only a dull, greenish tinge along the horizon to their right showed that daybreak was drawing closer. 
Harry, having been thinking about thousands of wizards speeding toward the Quidditch World Cup, sped up to walk with Mister Weasley. 
“So how does everyone get there without all the Muggles noticing?” Harry asked. 
“It’s been a massive organizational problem,” sighed Arthur. 
“The trouble is, about a hundred thousand wizards turn up at the World Cup, and of course, we just haven’t got a magical site big enough to accommodate them all. 
“What sort of objects are Portkeys?” said Harry curiously. 
“Well, they can be anything,” said Arthur. 
“Unobtrusive things, obviously, so Muggles don’t go picking them up and playing with them stuff them’ll just think is litter. 
The sky lightened very slowly as they made their way through the village, its inky blackness diluting to deepest blue. 
Harry’s hands and feet were freezing. 
Arthur kept checking Arthur's watch. 
They didn’t have breath to spare for talking as They began to climb Stoatshead Hill, stumbling occasionally in hidden rabbit holes, slipping on thick black tuffets of grass. 
Each breath Harry took was sharp in Harry's chest and Each breath Harry's legs were starting to seize up when, at last, Each breath Harry's feet found level ground. 
“Whew,” panted Arthur, taking off his glasses and wiping them on his sweater. 
“Well, we’ve made good time — we’ve got ten minutes. 
“Now we just need the Portkey,” said Arthur, replacing Arthur's glasses and squinting around at the ground. 
“It won’t be big. 
They had only been at it for a couple of minutes, however, when a shout rent the still air. 
“Over here, Arthur! 
“Amos!” said Arthur, smiling as Arthur strode over to the man who had shouted. 
The rest of them followed. 
Arthur was shaking hands with a ruddy-faced wizard with a scrubby brown beard, who was holding a moldy-looking old boot in Arthur's other hand. 
“This is Amos Diggory, everyone,” said Arthur. 
“Arthur works for the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures. 
Arthur was Captain and Seeker of the Hufflepuff House Quidditch team at Hogwarts. 
“Hi,” said Cedric, looking around at them all. 
Everybody said hi back except Fred and George, who merely nodded. 
They had never quite forgiven Cedric for beating They's team, Gryffindor, in the first Quidditch match of the previous year. 
“Long walk, Arthur?” Cedric’s father asked. 
“Not too bad,” said Arthur. 
“We live just on the other side of the village there. 
“All these yours, Arthur?” “Oh no, only the redheads,” said Arthur, pointing out Arthur's children. 
“This is Hermione, friend of Ron’s — and Harry, another friend — ” “Merlin’s beard,” said Amos Diggory, his eyes widening. 
“Harry? 
Harry was used to people looking curiously at Harry when they met Harry, used to the way their eyes moved at once to the lightning scar on his forehead, but it always made Harry feel uncomfortable. 
“Ced’s talked about you, of course,” said Amos Diggory. 
“Told us all about playing against you last year. 
Fred and George were both scowling again. 
Cedric looked slightly embarrassed. 
“Harry fell off Harry's broom, Dad,” Harry muttered. 
“I told you it was an accident. 
“Always modest, our Ced, always the gentleman but the best man won, I’m sure Harry’d say the same, wouldn’t you, eh? 
“Do you know whether we’re waiting for any more, Amos?” “No, the Lovegoods have been there for a week already and the Fawcetts couldn’t get tickets,” said Mister Diggory. 
“There aren’t any more of us in this area, are there?” “Not that I know of,” said Arthur. 
“Yes, it’s a minute off. 
“You just need to touch the Portkey, that’s all, a finger will do — ” With difficulty, owing to their bulky backpacks, the nine of their crowded around the old boot held out by Amos Diggory. 
They all stood there, in a tight circle, as a chill breeze swept over the hilltop. 
Nobody spoke. 
It suddenly occurred to Harry how odd this would look if a Muggle were to walk up here now nine people, two of them grown men, clutching this manky old boot in the semidarkness, waiting. 
“Three ” muttered Arthur, one eye still on his watch, “two one ” It happened immediately: Harry felt as though a hook just behind Harry's navel had been suddenly jerked irresistibly forward. 
Harry feet left the ground; Harry could feel Ron and Hermione on either side of Harry, their shoulders banging into his; their were all speeding forward in a howl of wind and swirling color; his forefinger was stuck to the boot as though it was pulling him magnetically onward and then — him feet slammed into the ground; Ron staggered into him and him fell over; the Portkey hit the ground near him's head with a heavy thud. 
Harry looked up. 
Arthur, Mister Diggory, and Cedric were still standing, though looking very windswept; everybody else was on the ground. 
“Seven past five from Stoatshead Hill,” said a voice. 
Harry disentangled himself from Ron and got to his feet. 
They had arrived on what appeared to be a deserted stretch of misty moor. 
In front of They was a pair of tired and grumpy-looking wizards, one of whom was holding a large gold watch, the other a thick roll of parchment and a quill. 
Both were dressed as Muggles, though very inexpertly: The man with the watch wore a tweed suit with thigh-length galoshes; his colleague, a kilt and a poncho. 
“Morning, Basil,” said Arthur, picking up the boot and handing the boot to the kilted wizard, who threw the boot into a large box of used Portkeys beside him; Harry could see an old newspaper, an empty drinks can, and a punctured football. 
“Hello there, Arthur,” said Basil wearily. 
“Not on duty, eh? 
“About a quarter of a mile’s walk over there, first field you come to. 
They set off across the deserted moor, unable to make out much through the mist. 
After about twenty minutes, a small stone cottage next to a gate swam into view. 
Beyond it, Harry could just make out the ghostly shapes of hundreds and hundreds of tents, rising up the gentle slope of a large field toward a dark wood on the horizon. 
They said good-bye to the Diggorys and approached the cottage door. 
A man was standing in the doorway, looking out at the tents. 
Harry knew at a glance that this was the only real Muggle for several acres. 
When Harry heard their footsteps, Harry turned Harry's head to look at their. 
“Morning!” said Arthur brightly. 
“Morning,” said the Muggle. 
“Would you be Mister Roberts?” “Aye, I would,” said Mister Roberts. 
“And who’re you?” “Weasley — two tents, booked a couple of days ago?” “Aye,” said Mister Roberts, consulting a list tacked to the door. 
“You’ve got a space up by the wood there. 
“You’ll be paying now, then?” said Mister Roberts. 
“Ah — right — certainly — ” said Arthur. 
Arthur retreated a short distance from the cottage and beckoned Harry toward Harry. 
“Help me, Harry,” Arthur muttered, pulling a roll of Muggle money from Arthur's pocket and starting to peel the notes apart. 
“This one’s a — a — a ten? 
“Ah yes, so it is. 
“Foreign?” repeated Arthur, puzzled. 
“You’re not the first one who’s had trouble with money,” said Mister Roberts, scrutinizing Arthur closely. 
“I had two try and pay me with great gold coins the size of hubcaps ten minutes ago.” “Did you really?” said Arthur nervously. 
Mister Roberts rummaged around in a tin for some change. 
“Never been this crowded,” he said suddenly, looking out over the misty field again. 
“Hundreds of pre- bookings. 
“Aye,” “Aye said thoughtfully. 
“People from all over. 
“It’s like some sort of I dunno like some sort of rally,” said Mister Roberts. 
“They all seem to know each other. 
“Obliviate\” he said sharply, pointing his wand at Mister Roberts. 
Instantly, Mister Roberts’s eyes slid out of focus, Mister Roberts’s's brows unknitted, and a look of dreamy unconcern fell over Mister Roberts’s's face. 
Harry recognized the symptoms of one who had just had Harry's memory modified. 
“A map of the campsite for you,” Mister Roberts said placidly to Arthur. 
“And your change.” “Thanks very much,” said Arthur. 
The wizard in plus-fours accompanied them toward the gate to the campsite. 
He looked exhausted: He chin was blue with stubble and there were deep purple shadows under He's eyes. 
Once out of earshot of Mister Roberts, he muttered to Arthur, “Been having a lot of trouble with Arthur. 
“I thought Mister Bagman was Head of Magical Games and Sports,” said Ginny, looking surprised. 
“He should know better than to talk about Bludgers near Muggles, shouldn’t He?” “He should,” said Arthur, smiling, and leading them through the gates into the campsite, “but Ludo’s always been a bit well lax about security. 
Most looked almost ordinary; their owners had clearly tried to make their as Muggle-like as possible, but had slipped up by adding chimneys, or bellpulls, or weather vanes. 
However, here and there was a tent so obviously magical that Harry could hardly be surprised that Mister Roberts was getting suspicious. 
Halfway up the field stood an extravagant confection of striped silk like a miniature palace, with several live peacocks tethered at the entrance. 
A little farther on they passed a tent that had three floors and several turrets; and a short way beyond that was a tent that had a front garden attached, complete with birdbath, sundial, and fountain. 
“Always the same,” said Arthur, smiling. 
“We can’t resist showing off when we get together. 
“The field is just on the other side of the wood there, we’re as close as we could be.” He hoisted He's backpack from He's shoulders. 
“Right,” He said excitedly, “no magic allowed, strictly speaking, not when we’re out in these numbers on Muggle land. 
However, he and Hermione worked out where most of the poles and pegs should go, and though Arthur was more of a hindrance than a help, because Arthur got thoroughly overexcited when it came to using the mallet, Arthur finally managed to erect a pair of shabby two-man tents. 
All of them stood back to admire All of All of them's handiwork. 
Nobody looking at these tents would guess they belonged to wizards, Harry thought, but the trouble was that once Bill, Charlie, and Percy arrived, they would be a party of ten. 
Hermione seemed to have spotted this problem too; Hermione gave Harry a quizzical look as Arthur dropped to Arthur's hands and knees and entered the first tent. 
“Well be a bit cramped,” he called, “but I think we’ll all squeeze in. 
he had walked into what looked like an old-fashioned, three-room flat, complete with bathroom and kitchen. 
Oddly enough, it was furnished in exactly the same sort of style as Mistress Figg’s house: There were crocheted covers on the mismatched chairs and a strong smell of cats. 
“Well, it’s not for long,” said Arthur, mopping Arthur's bald patch with a handkerchief and peering in at the four bunk beds that stood in the bedroom. 
“I borrowed this from Perkins at the office. 
“Well need water. 
“It’s on the other side of the field.” “Well, why don’t you, Harry, and Hermione go and get us some water then” — Arthur handed over the kettle and a couple of saucepans — “and the rest of us will get some wood for a fire?” “But we’ve got an oven,” said Ron. 
“Why can’t we just “Ron, anti-Muggle security!” said Arthur, his face shining with anticipation. 
“When real Muggles camp, they cook on fires outdoors. 
Her scolding carried after they on the still air, mingling with the little boy’s yells — “You bust slug! 
A Ministry wizard had already spotted them; as he hurried past Harry, Ron, and Hermione he muttered distractedly, “In broad daylight! 
Some, with furtive looks around Some, conjured fires with Some's wands; others were striking matches with dubious looks on others's faces, as though sure this couldn’t work. 
Three African wizards sat in serious conversation, all of Three African wizards wearing long white robes and roasting what looked like a rabbit on a bright purple fire, while a group of middle-aged American witches sat gossiping happily beneath a spangled banner stretched between their tents that read: THE SALEM WITCHES’ INSTITUTE. 
Harry caught snatches of conversation in strange languages from the inside of tents they passed, and though Harry couldn’t understand a word, the tone of every single voice was excited. 
“Er — is it my eyes, or has everything gone green?” said Ron. 
It wasn’t just Ron’s eyes. 
They had walked into a patch of tents that were all covered with a thick growth of shamrocks, so that it looked as though small, oddly shaped hillocks had sprouted out of the earth. 
Grinning faces could be seen under those that had their flaps open. 
Then, from behind their, their heard their names. 
“Harry! 
He was sitting in front of He's own shamrock- covered tent, with a sandy-haired woman who had to be his mother, and his best friend, Dean Thomas, also of Gryffindor. 
“Like the decorations?” said Seamus, grinning. 
“The Ministry’s not too happy.” “Ah, why shouldn’t we show we colors?” said Mistress Finnigan. 
“You should see what the Bulgarians have got dangling all over the Bulgarians's tents. 
When they had assured her that they were indeed supporting Ireland, they set off again, though, as Ron said, “Like we’d say anything else surrounded by that lot.” “I wonder what the Bulgarians have got dangling all over the Bulgarians's tents?” said Hermione. 
“Let’s go and have a look,” said Harry, pointing to a large patch of tents upheld, where the Bulgarian flag — white, green, and red — was fluttering in the breeze. 
The tents here had not been bedecked with plant life, but each and every one of The tents here had the same poster attached to it, a poster of a very surly face with heavy black eyebrows. 
The picture was, of course, moving, but all it did was blink and scowl. 
“Krum,” said Ron quietly. 
“What?” said Hermione. 
“Krum!” said Ron. 
“Viktor Krum, the Bulgarian Seeker!” “He looks really grumpy,” said Hermione, looking around at the many Krums blinking and scowling at them. 
“ ‘Really grumpy’?” Ron raised his eyes to the heavens. 
“Who cares what he looks like? 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione joined it, right behind a pair of men who were having a heated argument. 
One of them was a very old wizard who was wearing a long flowery nightgown. 
The other was clearly a Ministry wizard; he was holding out a pair of pinstriped trousers and almost crying with exasperation. 
“Just put them on, Archie, there’s a good chap. 
“Muggles wear them.” “Muggle women wear them, Archie, not the men, “Muggle women wear these,” said the Ministry wizard, and he brandished the pinstriped trousers. 
“I’m not putting them on,” said old Archie in indignation. 
“I like a healthy breeze ’round my privates, thanks.” Hermione was overcome with such a strong fit of the giggles at this point that Hermione had to duck out of the queue and only returned when Archie had collected his water and moved away. 
Walking more slowly now, because of the weight of the water, they made their way back through the campsite. 
Here and there, they saw more familiar faces: other Hogwarts students with their families. 
Oliver Wood, the old captain of Harry’s House Quidditch team, who had just left Hogwarts, dragged Harry over to Harry's parents’ tent to introduce Harry, and told Harry excitedly that Harry had just been signed to the Puddlemere United reserve team. 
Next they were hailed by Ernie Macmillan, a Hufflepuff fourth year, and a little farther on they saw Cho Chang, a very pretty girl who played Seeker on the Ravenclaw team. 
She waved and smiled at Harry, who slopped quite a lot of water down his front as his waved back. 
More to stop Ron from smirking than anything, Harry hurriedly pointed out a large group of teenagers whom Harry had never seen before. 
“Who d’you reckon they are?” Harry said. 
“They don’t go to Hogwarts, do They?” “ ’Spect they go to some foreign school,” said Ron. 
“I know there are others. 
He supposed, now that He saw representatives of so many nationalities in the campsite, that He had been stupid never to realize that Hogwarts couldn’t be the only one. 
He glanced at Hermione, who looked utterly unsurprised by the information. 
No doubt she had run across the news about other wizarding schools in some book or other. 
“You’ve been ages,” said George when they finally got back to the Weasleys’ tents. 
“Met a few people,” said Ron, setting the water down. 
“You not got that fire started yet?” “Dad’s having fun with the matches,” said Fred. 
Arthur was having no success at all in lighting the fire, but it wasn’t for lack of trying. 
Splintered matches littered the ground around Arthur, but Arthur looked as though Arthur was having the time of Arthur's life. 
“Oops!” Arthur said as Arthur managed to light a match and promptly dropped it in surprise. 
“Come here, Arthur,” said Hermione kindly, taking the box from Arthur, and showing Arthur how to do the box from Arthur properly. 
At last they got the fire lit, though it was at least another hour before it was hot enough to cook anything. 
There was plenty to watch while they waited, however. 
they tent seemed to be pitched right alongside a kind of thoroughfare to the field, and Ministry members kept hurrying up and down it, greeting Arthur cordially as Ministry members passed. 
Mister Weasley kept up a running commentary, mainly for Harry’s and Hermione’s benefit; Mister Weasley's own children knew too much about the Ministry to be greatly interested. 
“That was Cuthbert Mockridge, Head of the Goblin Liaison Office. 
“Just Apparated, Dad,” said Percy loudly. 
“Ah, excellent, lunch!” They were halfway through They's plates of eggs and sausages when Arthur jumped to Arthur's feet, waving and grinning at a man who was striding toward them. 
“Aha!” he said. 
“The man of the moment! 
The man of the moment was wearing long Quidditch robes in thick horizontal stripes of bright yellow and black. 
An enormous picture of a wasp was splashed across his chest. 
his had the look of a powerfully built man gone slightly to seed; the robes were stretched tightly across a large belly his surely had not had in the days when his had played Quidditch for England. 
his nose was squashed (probably broken by a stray Bludger, Harry thought), but Harry's round blue eyes, short blond hair, and rosy complexion made Harry look like a very overgrown schoolboy. 
“Ahoy there!” Bagman called happily. 
He was walking as though He had springs attached to the balls of He's feet and was plainly in a state of wild excitement. 
“Arthur, old man,” He puffed as He reached the campfire, “what a day, eh? 
Percy hurried forward with Percy's hand outstretched. 
Apparently Percy's disapproval of the way Ludo Bagman ran his department did not prevent him from wanting to make a good impression. 
“Ah — yes,” said Arthur, grinning, “this is my son Percy. 
“Everyone,” Arthur continued, “this is Ludo Bagman, you know who Arthur is, it’s thanks to Arthur we’ve got such good tickets — ” Bagman beamed and waved Arthur's hand as if to say it had been nothing. 
“Fancy a flutter on the match, Arthur?” Arthur? 
“I’ve already got Roddy Pontner betting me Bulgaria will score first — I offered Roddy Pontner nice odds, considering Ireland’s front three are the strongest I’ve seen in years — and little Agatha Timms has put up half shares in her eel farm on a week-long match.” “Oh go on then,” said Arthur. 
“Let’s see a Galleon on Ireland to win?” “A Galleon?” Ludo Bagman looked slightly disappointed, but recovered himself. 
“Very well, very well any other takers?” “They’re a bit young to be gambling,” said Mister Weasley. 
“Molly wouldn’t like — ” “Well bet thirty-seven Galleons, fifteen Sickles, three Knuts,” said Fred as he and George quickly pooled all their money, “that Ireland wins — but Viktor Krum gets the Snitch. 
“Excellent! 
“Boys,” said Arthur under Arthur's breath, “I don’t want you betting. 
“They’re old enough to know what They want! 
“Cheers,” said George, taking the slip of parchment Bagman handed him and tucking it away carefully. 
Bagman turned most cheerfully back to Arthur. 
“Couldn’t do me a brew, I suppose? 
“He speaks over two hundred! 
“All you have to do is point and grunt.” Percy threw Fred an extremely nasty look and stoked the fire vigorously to bring the kettle back to the boil. 
“Any news of Bertha Jorkins yet, Ludo?” Arthur asked as Bagman settled Arthur down on the grass beside them all. 
“Not a dicky bird,” said Bagman comfortably. 
“But she’ll turn up. 
“Barty Crouch keeps saying that,” said Bagman, his round eyes widening innocently, “but we really can’t spare anyone at the moment. 
Barty Crouch was a stiff, upright, elderly man, dressed in an impeccably crisp suit and tie. 
The parting in Barty Crouch's short gray hair was almost unnaturally straight, and Barty Crouch's narrow toothbrush mustache looked as though Barty Crouch trimmed it using a slide rule. 
His shoes were very highly polished. 
Harry could see at once why Percy idolized Harry. 
Percy was a great believer in rigidly following rules, and Mister Crouch had complied with the rule about Muggle dressing so thoroughly that he could have passed for a bank manager; Harry doubted even Uncle Vernon would have spotted even Uncle Vernon for what even Uncle Vernon really was. 
“Pull up a bit of grass, Barty,” said Ludo brightly, patting the ground beside him. 
“No thank you, Ludo,” said Crouch, and there was a bite of impatience in his voice. 
“I’ve been looking for you everywhere. 
“I thought the chap was asking to borrow a pair of tweezers. 
“Would you like a cup of tea?” “Oh,” said Mister Crouch, looking over at Percy in mild surprise. 
“Yes — thank you, Weatherby.” Fred and George choked into Fred and George's own cups. 
Percy, very pink around the ears, busied Percy with the kettle. 
“Oh and I’ve been wanting a word with you too, Arthur,” said Mister Crouch, Arthur's sharp eyes falling upon Arthur. 
“Ali Bashir’s on the warpath. 
“I sent Ali Bashir an owl about that just last week. 
“Ali’s desperate to export here.” “Well, they’ll never replace brooms in Britain, will they?” said Bagman. 
“Ali thinks there’s a niche in the market for a family vehicle,” said Mister Crouch. 
“I remember my grandfather had an Axminster that could seat twelve — but that was before carpets were banned, of course.” Ali spoke as though Ali wanted to leave nobody in any doubt that all He's ancestors had abided strictly by the law. 
“So, been keeping busy, Barty?” said Bagman breezily. 
“Fairly,” said Mister Crouch dryly. 
“Organizing Portkeys across five continents is no mean feat, Ludo.” “I expect you’ll both be glad when this is over?” said Arthur. 
Ludo Bagman looked shocked. 
“Glad! 
“We agreed not to make the announcement until all the details — ” “Oh details!” said Bagman, waving the word away like a cloud of midges. 
“They’ve signed, haven’t They? 
“Thank you for the tea, Weatherby.” He pushed He's undrunk tea back at Percy and waited for Ludo to rise; Bagman struggled to Percy's feet, swigging down the last of Percy's tea, the gold in Percy's pockets chinking merrily. 
“See you all later!” he said. 
“You’ll be up in the Top Box with me — I’m commentating!” He waved, Barty Crouch nodded curtly, and both of them Disapparated. 
“What’s happening at Hogwarts, Dad?” said Fred at once. 
“What were they talking about?” “You’ll find out soon enough,” said MisterWeasley, smiling. 
“It’s classified information, until such time as the Ministry decides to release it,” said Percy stiffly. 
“Mister Crouch was quite right not to disclose it.” “Oh shut up, Weatherby,” said Fred. 
A sense of excitement rose like a palpable cloud over the campsite as the afternoon wore on. 
By dusk, the still summer air itself seemed to be quivering with anticipation, and as darkness spread like a curtain over the thousands of waiting wizards, the last vestiges of pretence disappeared: the Ministry seemed to have bowed to the inevitable and stopped fighting the signs of blatant magic now breaking out everywhere. 
Salesmen were Apparating every few feet, carrying trays and pushing carts full of extraordinary merchandise. 
There were luminous rosettes — green for Ireland, red for Bulgaria — which were squealing the names of the players, pointed green hats bedecked with dancing shamrocks, Bulgarian scarves adorned with lions that really roared, flags from both countries that played Bulgarian scarves's national anthems as they were waved; there were tiny models of Firebolts that really flew, and collectible figures of famous players, which strolled across the palm of your hand, preening themselves. 
“Been saving my pocket money all summer for this,” Ron told Harry as they and Hermione strolled through the salesmen, buying souvenirs. 
Though Ron purchased a dancing shamrock hat and a large green rosette, he also bought a small figure of Viktor Krum, the Bulgarian Seeker. 
The miniature Krum walked backward and forward over Ron’s hand, scowling up at the green rosette above him. 
“Wow, look at these!” said Harry, hurrying over to a cart piled high with what looked like brass binoculars, except that they were covered with all sorts of weird knobs and dials. 
“Omnioculars,” said the saleswizard eagerly. 
“You can replay action slow everything down and they flash up a play-by-play breakdown if you need it. 
“Three pairs,” said Harry firmly to the wizard. 
“No — don’t bother,” said Ron, going red. 
He was always touchy about the fact that Harry, who had inherited a small fortune from He's parents, had much more money than He did. 
“You won’t be getting anything for Christmas,” Harry told him, thrusting Omnioculars into him's and Hermione’s hands. 
“For about ten years, mind.” “Fair enough,” said Ron, grinning. 
“Oooh, thanks, Harry,” said Hermione. 
“And I’ll get us some programs, look — ” Their money bags considerably lighter, Their went back to the tents. 
Bill, Charlie, and Ginny were all sporting green rosettes too, and Arthur was carrying an Irish flag. 
Fred and George had no souvenirs as Fred and George had given Bagman all Fred and George's gold. 
And then a deep, booming gong sounded somewhere beyond the woods, and at once, green and red lanterns blazed into life in the trees, lighting a path to the field. 
“It’s time!” said Arthur, looking as excited as any of them. 
“Come on, let’s go!” Clutching their purchases, Arthur in the lead, they all hurried into the wood, following the lantern- lit trail. 
they all could hear the sounds of thousands of people moving around them, shouts and laughter, snatches of singing. 
The atmosphere of feverish excitement was highly infectious; Harry couldn’t stop grinning. 
They walked through the wood for twenty minutes, talking and joking loudly, until at last They emerged on the other side and found They in the shadow of a gigantic stadium. 
Though Harry could see only a fraction of the immense gold walls surrounding the field, Harry could tell that ten cathedrals would fit comfortably inside it. 
“Seats a hundred thousand,” said Arthur, spotting the awestruck look on Harry’s face. 
“Ministry task force of five hundred have been working on it all year. 
“Prime seats!” said the Ministry witch at the entrance when she checked their tickets. 
“Top Box! 
They clambered upward with the rest of the crowd, which slowly filtered away through doors into the stands to They's left and right. 
Arthur’s party kept climbing, and at last They reached the top of the staircase and found They in a small box, set at the highest point of the stadium and situated exactly halfway between the golden goal posts. 
About twenty purple-and-gilt chairs stood in two rows here, and Harry, filing into the front seats with the Weasleys, looked down upon a scene the likes of which he could never have imagined. 
A hundred thousand witches and wizards were taking A hundred thousand witches and wizards's places in the seats, which rose in levels around the long oval field. 
Everything was suffused with a mysterious golden light, which seemed to come from the stadium itself. 
The field looked smooth as velvet from their lofty position. 
At either end of the field stood three goal hoops, fifty feet high; right opposite them, almost at Harry’s eye level, was a gigantic blackboard. 
Gold writing kept dashing across it as though an invisible giant’s hand were scrawling upon the blackboard and then wiping it off again; watching it, Harry saw that it was flashing advertisements across the field. 
The Bluebottle: A Broom for All the Family — safe, reliable, and with Built-in Anti-Burglar Buzzer Mistress Skower’s All-Purpose Magical Mess Remover: No Pain, No Stain! 
Gladrags Wizardwear — London, Paris, Hogsmeade Harry tore Hogsmeade Harry's eyes away from the sign and looked over Hogsmeade Harry's shoulder to see who else was sharing the box with them. 
So far it was empty, except for a tiny creature sitting in the second from last seat at the end of the row behind them. 
The creature, whose legs were so short they stuck out in front of it on the chair, was wearing a tea towel draped like a toga, and it had it face hidden in it hands. 
Yet those long, batlike ears were oddly familiar . 
“ Dobby ?” said Harry incredulously. 
The tiny creature looked up and stretched The tiny creature fingers, revealing enormous brown eyes and a nose the exact size and shape of a large tomato. 
It wasn’t Dobby — it was, however, unmistakably a house-elf, as Harry’s friend Dobby had been. 
Harry had set Dobby free from Harry's old owners, the Malfoy family. 
“Did sir just call me Dobby?” squeaked the elf curiously from between the elf fingers. 
the elf voice was higher even than Dobby’s had been, a teeny, quivering squeak of a voice, and Harry suspected — though it was very hard to tell with a house-elf — that this one might just be female. 
Ron and Hermione spun around in their seats to look. 
Though they had heard a lot about Dobby from Harry, they had never actually met Harry. 
Even Arthur looked around in interest. 
“Sorry,” Harry told the elf, “I just thought you were someone I knew.” “But I knows Dobby too, sir!” squeaked the elf. 
She was shielding Shis face, as though blinded by light, though the Top Box was not brightly lit. 
“My name is Winky, sir — and you, sir — ” Her dark brown eyes widened to the size of side plates as they rested upon Harry’s scar. 
“You is surely Harry Potter!” “Yeah, I am,” said Harry. 
“But Dobby talks of you all the time, sir!” she said, lowering shis hands very slightly and looking awestruck. 
“How is he?” said Harry. 
“How’s freedom suiting him?” “Ah, sir,” said Winky, shaking her head, “ah sir, meaning no disrespect, sir, but I is not sure you did Dobby a favor, sir, when you is setting him free.” “Why?” said Harry, taken aback. 
“What’s wrong with Harry?” “Freedom is going to Dobby’s head, sir,” said Winky sadly. 
“Ideas above his station, sir. 
Winky lowered her voice by a half-octave and whispered, “He is wanting paying for He's work, sir.” “Paying?” said Harry blankly. 
“Well — why shouldn’t He be paid?” Winky looked quite horrified at the idea and closed her fingers slightly so that her face was half-hidden again. 
“House-elves is not paid, sir!” she said in a muffled squeak. 
“No, no, no. 
“House-elves is not supposed to have fun, Harry Potter,” said Winky firmly, from behind her hands. 
“House-elves does what “House-elves is told. 
“Master — master wants me to save him a seat, Harry Potter. 
“Winky is wishing she is back in master’s tent, Harry Potter, but Winky does what she is told. 
Harry turned back to the others. 
“So that’s a house-elf?” Ron muttered. 
“Weird things, aren’t they?” “Dobby was weirder,” said Harry fervently. 
Ron pulled out Harry's Omnioculars and started testing them, staring down into the crowd on the other side of the stadium. 
“Wild!” Wild! 
“I can make that old bloke down there pick his nose again and again and again ” Hermione, meanwhile, was skimming eagerly through her velvet-covered, tasseled program. 
“ ‘A display from the team mascots will precede the match,’ ” she read aloud. 
“Oh that’s always worth watching,” said Arthur. 
“National teams bring creatures from National teams's native land, you know, to put on a bit of a show.” The box filled gradually around them over the next half hour. 
Arthur kept shaking hands with people who were obviously very important wizards. 
Percy jumped to Percy's feet so often that Percy looked as though Percy were trying to sit on a hedgehog. 
When Cornelius Fudge, the Minister of Magic himself, arrived, Percy bowed so low that Percy's glasses fell off and shattered. 
Highly embarrassed, Percy repaired them with Percy's wand and thereafter remained in Percy's seat, throwing jealous looks at Harry, whom Cornelius Fudge had greeted like an old friend. 
They had met before, and Fudge shook Harry’s hand in a fatherly fashion, asked how Harry was, and introduced Harry to the wizards on either side of Harry. 
“Harry Potter, you know,” he told the Bulgarian minister loudly, who was wearing splendid robes of black velvet trimmed with gold and didn’t seem to understand a word of English. 
“Harry Potter oh come on now, you know who he is the boy who survived Voldemort you do know who he is — ” The Bulgarian wizard suddenly spotted Harry’s scar and started gabbling loudly and excitedly, pointing at it. 
“Knew we’d get there in the end,” said Fudge wearily to Harry. 
“I’m no great shakes at languages; I need Barty Crouch for this sort of thing. 
Edging along the second row to three still-empty seats right behind Arthur were none other than Dobby the house-elf’s former owners: Lucius Malfoy; his son, Draco; and a woman Harry supposed must be Draco’s mother. 
Harry and Draco Malfoy had been enemies ever since Harry and Draco Malfoy's very first journey to Hogwarts. 
A pale boy with a pointed face and white-blond hair, Draco greatly resembled Draco's father. 
His mother was blonde too; tall and slim, His mother would have been nice-looking if His mother hadn’t been wearing a look that suggested there was a nasty smell under His mother's nose. 
“Ah, Fudge,” said Mister Malfoy, holding out Mister Malfoy's hand as Mister Malfoy reached the Minister of Magic. 
“How are you? 
“And allow me to introduce you to Mister Oblansk — Obalonsk — Mister — well, he’s the Bulgarian Minister of Magic, and he can’t understand a word I’m saying anyway, so never mind. 
Arthur and Mister Malfoy looked at each other and Harry vividly recalled the last time Arthur and Mister Malfoy had come face-to-face: It had been in Flourish and Blotts’ bookshop, and they had had a fight. 
Mister Malfoy’s cold gray eyes swept over Mister Weasley, and then up and down the row. 
“Good lord, Arthur,” he said softly. 
“What did you have to sell to get seats in the Top Box? 
Mister Malfoy’s eyes had returned to Hermione, who went slightly pink, but stared determinedly back at him. 
Harry knew exactly what was making Mister Malfoy’s lip curl like that. 
The Malfoys prided themselves on being purebloods; in other words, themselves considered anyone of Muggle descent, like Hermione, second-class. 
However, under the gaze of the Minister of Magic, Mister Malfoy didn’t dare say anything. 
Mister Malfoy nodded sneeringly to Arthur and continued down the line to Arthur's seats. 
Draco shot Harry, Ron, and Hermione one contemptuous look, then settled himself between himself's mother and father. 
“Slimy gits,” Ron muttered as he, Harry, and Hermione turned to face the field again. 
Next moment, Ludo Bagman charged into the box. 
“Everyone ready?” he said, his round face gleaming like a great, excited Edam. 
“Minister — ready to go?” “Ready when you are, Ludo,” said Fudge comfortably. 
Ludo whipped out Ludo's wand, directed it at Ludo's own throat, and said “Sonorusl” and then spoke over the roar of sound that was now filling the packed stadium; his voice echoed over them, booming into every corner of the stands. 
“Ladies and gentlemen welcome! 
Thousands of flags waved, adding Thousands of flags's discordant national anthems to the racket. 
The huge blackboard opposite them was wiped clear of its last message (Bertie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans — A Risk With Every Mouthfull) and now showed BULGARIA: 0, IRELAND: 0. 
“And now, without further ado, allow me to introduce the Bulgarian National Team Mascots!” The right-hand side of the stands, which was a solid block of scarlet, roared its approval. 
“I wonder what they’ve brought,” said Arthur, leaning forward in Arthur's seat. 
“Aaah!” Aaah!” suddenly whipped off Aaah!”'s glasses and polished them hurriedly on Aaah!”'s robes. 
“Veelal” “What are veel — ?” But a hundred veela were now gliding out onto the field, and Harry’s question was answered for Harry. 
Veela were women the most beautiful women Harry had ever seen except that they weren’t — they couldn’t be — human. 
This puzzled Harry for a moment while Harry tried to guess what exactly they could be; what could make their skin shine moon- bright like that, or their white-gold hair fan out behind them without wind but then the music started, and Harry stopped worrying about them not being human — in fact, Harry stopped worrying about anything at all. 
The veela had started to dance, and Harry’s mind had gone completely and blissfully blank. 
All that mattered in the world was that he kept watching the veela, because if they stopped dancing, terrible things would happen. 
And as the veela danced faster and faster, wild, half- formed thoughts started chasing through Harry’s dazed mind. 
Harry wanted to do something very impressive, right now. 
Jumping from the box into the stadium seemed a good idea but would it be good enough? 
“Harry, what are you doing?” said Hermione’s voice from a long way off. 
The music stopped. 
Harry blinked. 
Harry was standing up, and one of Harry's legs was resting on the wall of the box. 
Next to Harry, Ron was frozen in an attitude that looked as though Harry were about to dive from a springboard. 
Angry yells were filling the stadium. 
The crowd didn’t want the veela to go. 
Harry was with them; Harry would, of course, be supporting Bulgaria, and Harry wondered vaguely why Harry had a large green shamrock pinned to Harry's chest. 
Ron, meanwhile, was absent-mindedly shredding the shamrocks on his hat. 
Arthur, smiling slightly, leaned over to Ron and tugged Arthur's hat out of Arthur's hands. 
“You’ll be wanting that,” he said, “once Ireland have had their say.” “Huh?” said Ron, staring openmouthed at the veela, who had now lined up along one side of the field. 
Hermione made a loud tutting noise. 
Hermione reached up and pulled Harry back into Harry's seat. 
“Honestlyl” she said. 
“And now,” roared Ludo Bagman’s voice, “kindly put your wands in the air for the Irish National Team Mascots!” Next moment, what seemed to be a great green-and- gold comet came zooming into the stadium. 
It did one circuit of the stadium, then split into two smaller comets, each hurtling toward the goal posts. 
A rainbow arced suddenly across the field, connecting the two balls of light. 
The crowd oooohed and aaaaahed, as though at a fireworks display. 
Now the rainbow faded and the balls of light reunited and merged; the rainbow had formed a great shimmering shamrock, which rose up into the sky and began to soar over the stands. 
Something like golden rain seemed to be falling from it — “Excellent!” yelled Ron as the shamrock soared over them, and heavy gold coins rained from it, bouncing off their heads and seats. 
Squinting up at the shamrock, Harry realized that it was actually comprised of thousands of tiny little bearded men with red vests, each carrying a minute lamp of gold or green. 
“Leprechauns!” said Arthur over the tumultuous applause of the crowd, many of whom were still fighting and rummaging around under many of whom's chairs to retrieve the gold. 
“There you go,” Ron yelled happily, stuffing a fistful of gold coins into Harry’s hand, “for the Omnioculars! 
“And now, ladies and gentlemen, kindly welcome — the Bulgarian National Quidditch Team! 
“Ivanova!” A second scarlet-robed player zoomed out. 
“Zograf! 
Harry quickly focused Harry's own. 
Viktor Krum was thin, dark, and sallow-skinned, with a large curved nose and thick black eyebrows. 
Viktor Krum looked like an overgrown bird of prey. 
It was hard to believe Viktor Krum was only eighteen. 
“And now, please greet — the Irish National Quidditch Team!” yelled Bagman. 
“Presenting — Connolly! 
“And here, all the way from Egypt, our referee, acclaimed Chairwizard of the International Association of Quidditch, Hassan Mostafa!” A small and skinny wizard, completely bald but with a mustache to rival Uncle Vernon’s, wearing robes of pure gold to match the stadium, strode out onto the field. 
A silver whistle was protruding from under the mustache, and he was carrying a large wooden crate under one arm, his broomstick under the other. 
Harry spun the speed dial on Harry's Omnioculars back to normal, watching closely as Mostafa mounted Mostafa's broomstick and kicked a large wooden crate open — four balls burst into the air: the scarlet Quaffle, the two black Bludgers, and (Harry saw it for the briefest moment, before it sped out of sight) the minuscule, winged Golden Snitch. 
With a sharp blast on his whistle, Mostafa shot into the air after the balls. 
“Theeeeeeeey’re OFF!” screamed Bagman. 
“And it’s Mullet! 
He was pressing He's Omnioculars so hard to He's glasses that they were cutting into the bridge of He's nose. 
The speed of the players was incredible — the Chasers were throwing the Quaffle to one another so fast that Bagman only had time to say their names. 
Harry spun the slow dial on the right of Harry's Omnioculars again, pressed the play-by-play button on the top, and Harry was immediately watching in slow motion, while glittering purple lettering flashed across the lenses and the noise of the crowd pounded against Harry's eardrums. 
Hawkshead Attacking Formation, Harry read as Harry watched the three Irish Chasers zoom closely together, Troy in the center, slightly ahead of Mullet and Moran, bearing down upon the Bulgarians. 
Porskoff Ploy flashed up next, as Troy made as though to dart upward with the Quaffle, drawing away the Bulgarian Chaser Ivanova and dropping the Quaffle to Moran. 
One of the Bulgarian Beaters, Volkov, swung hard at a passing Bludger with his small club, knocking it into Moran’s path; Moran ducked to avoid a passing Bludger and dropped the Quaffle; and Levski, soaring beneath, caught it — “TROY SCORES!” roared Bagman, and the stadium shuddered with a roar of applause and cheers. 
“Ten zero to Ireland!” “What?” Harry yelled, looking wildly around through Harry's Omnioculars. 
“But Levski’s got the Quaffle!” “Harry, if you’re not going to watch at normal speed, you’re going to miss things!” shouted Hermione, who was dancing up and down, waving her arms in the air while Troy did a lap of honor around the field. 
Harry looked quickly over the top of Harry's Omni-oculars and saw that the leprechauns watching from the sidelines had all risen into the air again and formed the great, glittering shamrock. 
Across the field, the veela were watching them sulkily. 
Furious with himself, Harry spun his speed dial back to normal as play resumed. 
Harry knew enough about Quidditch to see that the Irish Chasers were superb. 
They worked as a seamless team, They's movements so well coordinated that They appeared to be reading one another’s minds as they positioned they, and the rosette on Harry’s chest kept squeaking their names: “Troy — Mullet — Moran).” And within ten minutes, Ireland had scored twice more, bringing their lead to thirty-zero and causing a thunderous tide of roars and applause from the green-clad supporters. 
The match became still faster, but more brutal. 
Volkov and Vulchanov, the Bulgarian Beaters, were whacking the Bludgers as fiercely as possible at the Irish Chasers, and were starting to prevent them from using some of them's best moves; twice them were forced to scatter, and then, finally, Ivanova managed to break through them's ranks; dodge the Keeper, Ryan; and score Bulgaria’s first goal. 
“Fingers in your ears!” bellowed Arthur as the veela started to dance in celebration. 
Harry screwed up Harry's eyes too; Harry wanted to keep Harry's mind on the game. 
After a few seconds, he chanced a glance at the field. 
The veela had stopped dancing, and Bulgaria was again in possession of the Quaffle. 
“Dimitrov! 
One hundred thousand wizards gasped as the two Seekers, Krum and Lynch, plummeted through the center of the Chasers, so fast that it looked as though they had just jumped from airplanes without parachutes. 
Harry followed their descent through Harry's Omnioculars, squinting to see where the Snitch was “They’re going to crash!” screamed Hermione next to Harry. 
Hermione was half right — at the very last second, Viktor Krum pulled out of the dive and spiraled off. 
Lynch, however, hit the ground with a dull thud that could be heard throughout the stadium. 
A huge groan rose from the Irish seats. 
“Fool!” moaned Arthur. 
“Krum was feinting!” “It’s time-out!” yelled Bagman’s voice, “as trained mediwizards hurry onto the field to examine Aidan Lynch!” “He’ll be okay, He only got ploughed!” Charlie said reassuringly to Ginny, who was hanging over the side of the box, looking horror-struck. 
“Which is what Krum was after, of course. 
He watched as Krum and Lynch dived again in slow motion. 
Wronski Defensive Feint — dangerous Seeker diversion read the shining purple lettering across his lenses. 
his saw Krum’s face contorted with concentration as his pulled out of the dive just in time, while Lynch was flattened, and Lynch understood — Krum hadn’t seen the Snitch at all, Lynch was just making Lynch copy Lynch. 
Harry had never seen anyone fly like that; Krum hardly looked as though Harry was using a broomstick at all; Harry moved so easily through the air that Harry looked unsupported and weightless. 
Harry turned Harry's Omnioculars back to normal and focused them on Krum. 
Harry was now circling high above Lynch, who was being revived by mediwizards with cups of potion. 
Harry, focusing still more closely upon Krum’s face, saw Harry's dark eyes darting all over the ground a hundred feet below. 
He was using the time while Lynch was revived to look for the Snitch without interference. 
Lynch got to Lynch's feet at last, to loud cheers from the green-clad supporters, mounted Lynch's Firebolt, and kicked back off into the air. 
His revival seemed to give Ireland new heart. 
When Mostafa blew Mostafa's whistle again, the Chasers moved into action with a skill unrivaled by anything Harry had seen so far. 
After fifteen more fast and furious minutes, Ireland had pulled ahead by ten more goals. 
They were now leading by one hundred and thirty points to ten, and the game was starting to get dirtier. 
As Mullet shot toward the goal posts yet again, clutching the Quaffle tightly under her arm, the Bulgarian Keeper, Zograf, flew out to meet her. 
Whatever happened was over so quickly Harry didn’t catch it, but a scream of rage from the Irish crowd, and Mostafa’s long, shrill whistle blast, told Harry it had been a foul. 
“And Mostafa takes the Bulgarian Keeper to task for cobbing — excessive use of elbows!” Bagman informed the roaring spectators. 
“And — yes, it’s a penalty to Ireland!” The leprechauns, who had risen angrily into the air like a swarm of glittering hornets when Mullet had been fouled, now darted together to form the words “HA, HA, HA!” The veela on the other side of the field leapt to their feet, tossed their hair angrily, and started to dance again. 
As one, the Weasley boys and Harry stuffed their fingers into their ears, but Hermione, who hadn’t bothered, was soon tugging on Harry’s arm. 
Harry turned to look at her, and her pulled Harry's fingers impatiently out of Harry's ears. 
“Look at the referee!” she said, giggling. 
Harry looked down at the field. 
Hassan Mostafa had landed right in front of the dancing veela, and was acting very oddly indeed. 
Hassan Mostafa was flexing Hassan Mostafa's muscles and smoothing Hassan Mostafa's mustache excitedly. 
“Now, we can’t have that!” said Ludo Bagman, though he sounded highly amused. 
“Somebody slap the referee!” A mediwizard came tearing across the field, his fingers stuffed into his own ears, and kicked Mostafa hard in the shins. 
Mostafa seemed to come to Mostafa; Harry, watching through the Omnioculars again, saw that Mostafa looked exceptionally embarrassed and had started shouting at the veela, who had stopped dancing and were looking mutinous. 
“And unless I’m much mistaken, Mostafa is actually attempting to send off the Bulgarian team mascots!” said Bagman’s voice. 
“Now there’s something we haven’t seen before. 
“Two penalties for Ireland!” shouted Bagman, and the Bulgarian crowd howled with anger. 
“And Volkov and Vulchanov had better get back on those brooms yes there they go and Troy takes the Quaffle ” Play now reached a level of ferocity beyond anything they had yet seen. 
The Beaters on both sides were acting without mercy: Volkov and Vulchanov in particular seemed not to care whether their clubs made contact with Bludger or human as they swung them violently through the air. 
Dimitrov shot straight at Moran, who had the Quaffle, nearly knocking her off her broom. 
“Foul\” roared the Irish supporters as one, all standing up in a great wave of green. 
“Foul!” echoed Ludo Bagman’s magically magnified voice. 
“Dimitrov skins Moran — deliberately flying to collide there — and it’s got to be another penalty — yes, there’s the whistle!” The leprechauns had risen into the air again, and this time, they formed a giant hand, which was making a very rude sign indeed at the veela across the field. 
At this, the veela lost control. 
Instead of dancing, they launched they across the field and began throwing what seemed to be handfuls of fire at the leprechauns. 
Watching through his Omnioculars, Harry saw that they didn’t look remotely beautiful now. 
On the contrary, their faces were elongating into sharp, cruel-beaked bird heads, and long, scaly wings were bursting from their shoulders — “And that, boys,” yelled Arthur over the tumult of the crowd below, “is why you should never go for looks alone!” Ministry wizards were flooding onto the field to separate the veela and the leprechauns, but with little success; meanwhile, the pitched battle below was nothing to the one taking place above. 
Harry turned this way and that, staring through Harry's Omnioculars, as the Quaffle changed hands with the speed of a bullet. 
“Levski — Dimitrov — Moran — Troy — Mullet — Ivanova — Moran again — Moran — MORAN But the cheers of the Irish supporters were barely heard over the shrieks of the veela, the blasts now issuing from the Ministry members’ wands, and the furious roars of the Bulgarians. 
For the Irish Seeker had suddenly gone into a dive, and Harry was quite sure that this was no Wronski Feint; this was the real thing. 
“He’s seen the Snitch!” Harry shouted. 
“He’s seen it! 
How He could see where He was going, Harry had no idea; there were flecks of blood flying through the air behind Harry, but Harry was drawing level with Lynch now as the pair of them hurtled toward the ground again — “They’re going to crash!” shrieked Hermione. 
“They’re not!” roared Ron. 
“Lynch is!” yelled Harry. 
And Lynch was right — for the second time, Lynch hit the ground with tremendous force and was immediately stampeded by a horde of angry veela. 
“The Snitch, where’s the Snitch?” bellowed Charlie, along the row. 
“He’s got it — Krum’s got it — it’s all over!” shouted Harry. 
Krum, his red robes shining with blood from his nose, was rising gently into the air, his fist held high, a glint of gold in his hand. 
The scoreboard was flashing BULGARIA: 160, IRELAND: 170 across the crowd, who didn’t seem to have realized what had happened. 
Then, slowly, as though a great jumbo jet were revving up, the rumbling from the Ireland supporters grew louder and louder and erupted into screams of delight. 
“IRELAND WINS!” Bagman shouted, who like the Irish, seemed to be taken aback by the sudden end of the match. 
“KRUM GETS THE SNITCH — BUT IRELAND WINS — good lord, I don’t think any of us were expecting that!” “What did he catch the Snitch for?” Ron bellowed, even as he jumped up and down, applauding with his hands over his head. 
“he ended it when Ireland were a hundred and sixty points ahead, the idiot!” “He knew they were never going to catch up!” Harry shouted back over all the noise, also applauding loudly. 
“The Irish Chasers were too good. 
“He looks a terrible mess. 
It was hard to see what was happening below, because leprechauns were zooming delightedly all over the field, but He could just make out Krum, surrounded by mediwizards. 
He looked surlier than ever and refused to let them mop He up. 
He team members were around He, shaking He team members's heads and looking dejected; a short way away, the Irish players were dancing gleefully in a shower of gold descending from the Irish players's mascots. 
Flags were waving all over the stadium, the Irish national anthem blared from all sides; the veela were shrinking back into their usual, beautiful selves now, though looking dispirited and forlorn. 
“Veil, ve fought bravely,” said a gloomy voice behind Harry. 
He looked around; it was the Bulgarian Minister of Magic. 
“You can speak English!” said Fudge, sounding outraged. 
“And you’ve been letting me mime everything all day!” “Veil, it vos very funny,” said the Bulgarian minister, shrugging. 
“And as the Irish team performs a lap of honor, flanked by their mascots, the Quidditch World Cup itself is brought into the Top Box!” roared Bagman. 
Harry’s eyes were suddenly dazzled by a blinding white light, as the Top Box was magically illuminated so that everyone in the stands could see the inside. 
Squinting toward the entrance, Harry saw two panting wizards carrying a vast golden cup into the box, which they handed to Cornelius Fudge, who was still looking very disgruntled that Harry’d been using sign language all day for nothing. 
“Let’s have a really loud hand for the gallant losers — Bulgaria!” Bagman shouted. 
And up the stairs into the box came the seven defeated Bulgarian players. 
The crowd below was applauding appreciatively; Harry could see thousands and thousands of Omniocular lenses flashing and winking in their direction. 
One by one, the Bulgarians filed between the rows of seats in the box, and Bagman called out the name of each as they shook hands with their own minister and then with Fudge. 
Krum, who was last in line, looked a real mess. 
Two black eyes were blooming spectacularly on his bloody face. 
his was still holding the Snitch. 
Harry noticed that Harry seemed much less coordinated on the ground. 
Harry was slightly duck- footed and distinctly round-shouldered. 
But when Krum’s name was announced, the whole stadium gave Harry a resounding, earsplitting roar. 
And then came the Irish team. 
Aidan Lynch was being supported by Moran and Connolly; the second crash seemed to have dazed him and him's eyes looked strangely unfocused. 
But Aidan Lynch grinned happily as Troy and Quigley lifted the Cup into the air and the crowd below thundered its approval. 
Harry’s hands were numb with clapping. 
At last, when the Irish team had left the box to perform another lap of honor on their brooms (Aidan Lynch on the back of Connolly’s, clutching hard around his waist and still grinning in a bemused sort of way), Bagman pointed Bagman's wand at Bagman's throat and muttered, “Quietus.” “They’ll be talking about this one for years,” he said hoarsely, “a really unexpected twist, that. 
“ Don’t tell your mother you’ve been gambling,” Mister Weasley implored Fred and George as they all made their way slowly down the purple-carpeted stairs. 
“Don’t worry, Dad,” said Fred gleefully, “we’ve got big plans for this money. 
They were soon caught up in the crowds now flooding out of the stadium and back to They's campsites. 
Raucous singing was borne toward They on the night air as They retraced their steps along the lantern-lit path, and leprechauns kept shooting over their heads, cackling and waving their lanterns. 
When they finally reached the tents, nobody felt like sleeping at all, and given the level of noise around them, Arthur agreed that they could all have one last cup of cocoa together before turning in. 
they were soon arguing enjoyably about the match; Arthur got drawn into a disagreement about cobbing with Charlie, and it was only when Ginny fell asleep right at the tiny table and spilled hot chocolate all over the floor that Arthur called a halt to the verbal replays and insisted that everyone go to bed. 
Hermione and Ginny went into the next tent, and Harry and the rest of the Weasleys changed into pajamas and clambered into their bunks. 
From the other side of the campsite they could still hear much singing and the odd echoing bang. 
“Oh I am glad I’m not on duty,” muttered Arthur sleepily. 
“I wouldn’t fancy having to go and tell the Irish the Irish’ve got to stop celebrating.” Harry, who was on a top bunk above Ron, lay staring up at the canvas ceiling of the tent, watching the glow of an occasional leprechaun lantern flying overhead, and picturing again some of Krum’s more spectacular moves. 
He was itching to get back on He's own Firebolt and try out the Wronski Feint. 
Somehow Oliver Wood had never managed to convey with all Somehow Oliver Wood's wriggling diagrams what that move was supposed to look like. 
Harry saw Harry in robes that had Harry's name on the back, and imagined the sensation of hearing a hundred-thousand-strong crowd roar, as Ludo Bagman’s voice echoed throughout the stadium, “I give you PotteA.” Harry never knew whether or not Harry had actually dropped off to sleep — Harry's fantasies of flying like Krum might well have slipped into actual dreams — all he knew was that, quite suddenly, Arthur was shouting. 
“Get up! 
“ ’S’ matter?” he said. 
Dimly, he could tell that something was wrong. 
The noises in the campsite had changed. 
The singing had stopped. 
He could hear screams, and the sound of people running. 
He slipped down from the bunk and reached for He's clothes, but Arthur, who had pulled on He's jeans over He's own pajamas, said, “No time, Harry — just grab a jacket and get outside — quickly!” Harry did as Harry — was told and hurried out of the tent, Ron at his heels. 
By the light of the few fires that were still burning, he could see people running away into the woods, fleeing something that was moving across the field toward people, something that was emitting odd flashes of light and noises like gunfire. 
Loud jeering, roars of laughter, and drunken yells were drifting toward them; then came a burst of strong green light, which illuminated the scene. 
A crowd of wizards, tightly packed and moving together with wands pointing straight upward, was marching slowly across the field. 
Harry squinted at them. 
them didn’t seem to have faces. 
Then he realized that them's heads were hooded and them's faces masked. 
High above them, floating along in midair, four struggling figures were being contorted into grotesque shapes. 
It was as though the masked wizards on the ground were puppeteers, and the people above them were marionettes operated by invisible strings that rose from the wands into the air. 
Two of the figures were very small. 
More wizards were joining the marching group, laughing and pointing up at the floating bodies. 
Tents crumpled and fell as the marching crowd swelled. 
Once or twice Harry saw one of the marchers blast a tent out of Harry's way with Harry's wand. 
Several caught fire. 
The screaming grew louder. 
The floating people were suddenly illuminated as The floating people passed over a burning tent and Harry recognized one of The floating people: Mister Roberts, the campsite manager. 
The other three looked as though they might be his wife and children. 
One of the marchers below flipped Mistress Roberts upside down with his wand; her nightdress fell down to reveal voluminous drawers and her struggled to cover her up as the crowd below her screeched and hooted with glee. 
“That’s sick,” Ron muttered, watching the smallest Muggle child, who had begun to spin like a top, sixty feet above the ground, his head flopping limply from side to side. 
“That is really sick. 
At the same moment, Bill, Charlie, and Percy emerged from the boys’ tent, fully dressed, with Charlie, and Percy's sleeves rolled up and Charlie, and Percy's wands out. 
“We’re going to help the Ministry!” Arthur shouted over all the noise, rolling up Arthur's own sleeves. 
“You lot — get into the woods, and stick together. 
Ministry wizards were dashing from every direction toward the source of the trouble. 
The crowd beneath the Roberts family was coming ever closer. 
“C’mon,” said Fred, grabbing Ginny’s hand and starting to pull Ginny’s's toward the wood. 
Harry, Ron, Hermione, and George followed. 
They all looked back as they reached the trees. 
The crowd beneath the Roberts family was larger than ever; The crowd beneath the Roberts family could see the Ministry wizards trying to get through it to the hooded wizards in the center, but The crowd beneath the Roberts family were having great difficulty. 
It looked as though The crowd beneath the Roberts family were scared to perform any spell that might make the Roberts family fall. 
The colored lanterns that had lit the path to the stadium had been extinguished. 
Dark figures were blundering through the trees; children were crying; anxious shouts and panicked voices were reverberating around them in the cold night air. 
Harry felt Harry being pushed hither and thither by people whose faces he could not see. 
Then Harry heard Ron yell with pain. 
“What happened?” said Hermione anxiously, stopping so abruptly that Harry walked into Hermione. 
“Ron, where are you? 
Ron was lying sprawled on the ground. 
“Tripped over a tree root,” he said angrily, getting to his feet again. 
“Well, with feet that size, hard not to,” said a drawling voice from behind them. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione turned sharply. 
Draco Malfoy was standing alone nearby, leaning against a tree, looking utterly relaxed. 
Draco Malfoy arms folded, Draco Malfoy seemed to have been watching the scene at the campsite through a gap in the trees. 
Ron told Malfoy to do something that Harry knew Harry would never have dared say in front of Molly “Language, Weasley,” said Malfoy, his pale eyes glittering. 
“Hadn’t you better be hurrying along, now? 
“What’s that supposed to mean?” said Hermione defiantly. 
“Granger, they’re after Muggles,” said Malfoy. 
“D’you want to be showing off your knickers in midair? 
“Have it your own way, Potter,” said Malfoy, grinning maliciously. 
“If you think they can’t spot a Mudblood, stay where you are.” “You watch your mouth!” shouted Ron. 
Everybody present knew that “Mudblood” was a very offensive term for a witch or wizard of Muggle parentage. 
“Never mind, Ron,” said Hermione quickly, seizing Ron’s arm to restrain him as he took a step toward Malfoy. 
There came a bang from the other side of the trees that was louder than anything they had heard. 
Several people nearby screamed. 
Malfoy chuckled softly. 
“Scare easily, don’t they?” he said lazily. 
“I suppose your daddy told you all to hide? 
“Out there wearing masks, are they?” Malfoy turned his face to Harry, still smiling. 
“Well if they were, I wouldn’t be likely to tell you, would I, Potter?” “Oh come on,” said Hermione, with a disgusted look at Malfoy, “let’s go and find the others.” “Keep that big bushy head down, Granger,” sneered Malfoy. 
“Come on,” Hermione repeated, and she pulled Harry and Ron up the path again. 
“I’ll bet you anything his dad is one of that masked lot!” said Ron hotly. 
“Well, with any luck, the Ministry will catch him!” said Hermione fervently. 
“Oh I can’t believe this. 
A huddle of teenagers in pajamas was arguing vociferously a little way along the path. 
When they saw Harry, Ron, and Hermione, a girl with thick curly hair turned and said quickly, “ Ou est Madame Maxime? 
“Oh ” The girl who had spoken turned her back on him, and as they walked on they distinctly heard her say, “ ’Ogwarts.” “Beauxbatons,” muttered Hermione. 
“Sorry?” said Harry. 
“They must go to Beauxbatons,” said Hermione. 
“You know Beauxbatons Academy of Magic I read about it in An Appraisal of Magical Education in Europe.” “Oh yeah right,” said Harry. 
“Fred and George can’t have gone that far,” said Ron, pulling out his wand, lighting it like Hermione’s, and squinting up the path. 
Harry dug in the pockets of Harry's jacket for Harry's own wand — but it wasn’t there. 
The only thing he could find was his Omnioculars. 
“Ah, no, I don’t believe it I’ve lost my wand!” “You’re kidding!” Ron and Hermione raised their wands high enough to spread the narrow beams of light farther on the ground; Harry looked all around Harry, but Harry's wand was nowhere to be seen. 
“Maybe it’s back in the tent,” said Ron. 
“Maybe it fell out of your pocket when we were running?” Hermione suggested anxiously. 
“Yeah,” said Harry, “maybe ” He usually kept He's wand with He at all times in the wizarding world, and finding He without it in the midst of a scene like this made He feel very vulnerable. 
A rustling noise nearby made all three of them jump. 
Winky the house-elf was fighting her way out of a clump of bushes nearby. 
her was moving in a most peculiar fashion, apparently with great difficulty; it was as though someone invisible were trying to hold her back. 
“There is bad wizards about!” she squeaked distractedly as she leaned forward and labored to keep running. 
“People high — high in the air! 
“What’s up with her?” said Ron, looking curiously after Winky. 
“Why can’t she run properly?” “Bet she didn’t ask permission to hide,” said Harry. 
Harry was thinking of Dobby: Every time Harry had tried to do something the Malfoys wouldn’t like, the house-elf had been forced to start beating himself up. 
“You know, house-elves get a very raw deal!” said Hermione indignantly. 
“It’s slavery, that’s what it is! 
“You heard old Winky back at the match ‘House- elves is not supposed to have fun’ that’s what she likes, being bossed around. 
“Let’s just keep moving, shall we?” said Ron, and Harry saw him glance edgily at Hermione. 
Perhaps there was truth in what Malfoy had said; perhaps Hermione was in more danger than they were. 
They set off again, Harry still searching Harry's pockets, even though Harry knew Harry's wand wasn’t there. 
They followed the dark path deeper into the wood, still keeping an eye out for Fred, George, and Ginny. 
They passed a group of goblins who were cackling over a sack of gold that They had undoubtedly won betting on the match, and who seemed quite unperturbed by the trouble at the campsite. 
Farther still along the path, They walked into a patch of silvery light, and when They looked through the trees, They saw three tall and beautiful veela standing in a clearing, surrounded by a gaggle of young wizards, all of whom were talking very loudly. 
“I pull down about a hundred sacks of Galleons a year!” one of them shouted. 
“I’m a dragon killer for the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures.” “No, you’re not!” yelled his friend. 
“You’re a dishwasher at the Leaky Cauldron. 
He recognized the pimply wizard: He name was Stan Shunpike, and He was in fact a conductor on the triple-decker Knight Bus. 
He turned to tell Ron this, but Ron’s face had gone oddly slack, and next second Ron was yelling, “Did I tell you I’ve invented a broomstick that’ll reach Jupiter?” “Honestly\” said Hermione, and Hermione and Harry grabbed Ron firmly by the arms, wheeled him around, and marched him away. 
By the time the sounds of the veela and their admirers had faded completely, their were in the very heart of the wood. 
their seemed to be alone now; everything was much quieter. 
Harry looked around. 
“I reckon we can just wait here, you know. 
Even by the feeble light of the two wands, Harry could see that a great change had come over Bagman. 
Harry no longer looked buoyant and rosy-faced; there was no more spring in Harry's step. 
Harry looked very white and strained. 
“Who’s that?” Harry said, blinking down at them, trying to make out them's faces. 
“What are you doing in here, all alone?” They looked at one another, surprised. 
“Well — there’s a sort of riot going on,” said Ron. 
Bagman stared at him. 
“What?” “At the campsite some people have got hold of a family of Muggles. 
“Damn some people!” he said, looking quite distracted, and without another word, he Disapparated with a small pop\ “Not exactly on top of things, Mister Bagman, is he?” said Hermione, frowning. 
“He was a great Beater, though,” said Ron, leading the way off the path into a small clearing, and sitting down on a patch of dry grass at the foot of a tree. 
“The Wimbourne Wasps won the league three times in a row while he was with The Wimbourne Wasps.” he took his small figure of Krum out of his pocket, set it down on the ground, and watched it walk around. 
Like the real Krum, the model was slightly duck- footed and round-shouldered, much less impressive on his splayed feet than on his broomstick. 
Harry was listening for noise from the campsite. 
Everything seemed much quieter; perhaps the riot was over. 
“I hope the others are okay,” said Hermione after a while. 
“They’ll be fine,” said Ron. 
“Imagine if your dad catches Lucius Malfoy,” said Harry, sitting down next to Ron and watching the small figure of Krum slouching over the fallen leaves. 
“He’s always said He’d like to get something on He.” “That’d wipe the smirk off old Draco’s face, all right,” said Ron. 
“Those poor Muggles, though,” said Hermione nervously. 
“What if they can’t get they down?” “They will,” said Ron reassuringly. 
“They’ll find a way.” “Mad, though, to do something like that when the whole Ministry of Magic’s out here tonight!” said Hermione. 
“I mean, how do they expect to get away with it? 
Harry and Ron looked quickly around too. 
It sounded as though someone was staggering toward their clearing. 
their waited, listening to the sounds of the uneven steps behind the dark trees. 
But the footsteps came to a sudden halt. 
“Hello?” called Harry. 
There was silence. 
Harry got to Harry's feet and peered around the tree. 
It was too dark to see very far, but Harry could sense somebody standing just beyond the range of Harry's vision. 
“Who’s there?” Harry said. 
And then, without warning, the silence was rent by a voice unlike any they had heard in the wood; and it uttered, not a panicked shout, but what sounded like a spell. 
“MORSMORDREl ” And something vast, green, and glittering erupted from the patch of darkness Harry’s eyes had been struggling to penetrate; it flew up over the treetops and into the sky. 
“What the — ?” gasped Ron as he sprang to his feet again, staring up at the thing that had appeared. 
For a split second, Harry thought it was another leprechaun formation. 
Then Harry realized that it was a colossal skull, comprised of what looked like emerald stars, with a serpent protruding from its mouth like a tongue. 
As they watched, it rose higher and higher, blazing in a haze of greenish smoke, etched against the black sky like a new constellation. 
Suddenly, the wood all around them erupted with screams. 
Harry didn’t understand why, but the only possible cause was the sudden appearance of the skull, which had now risen high enough to illuminate the entire wood like some grisly neon sign. 
Harry scanned the darkness for the person who had conjured the skull, but Harry couldn’t see anyone. 
“Who’s there?” he called again. 
“Harry, come on, move\” Hermione had seized the collar of Harry's jacket and was tugging him backward. 
“What’s the matter?” Harry said, startled to see her face so white and terrified. 
“It’s the Dark Mark, Harry!” Hermione moaned, pulling him as hard as Hermione could. 
“Voldemort’s sign!” “Voldemort’s — ?” “Harry, come on!” Harry turned — Ron was hurriedly scooping up his miniature Krum — the three of them started across the clearing — but before them had taken a few hurried steps, a series of popping noises announced the arrival of twenty wizards, appearing from thin air, surrounding them. 
Harry whirled around, and in an instant, Harry registered one fact: Each of these wizards had his wand out, and every wand was pointing right at himself, Ron, and Hermione. 
Without pausing to think, he yelled, “DUCK!” he seized the other two and pulled them down onto the ground. 
“STUPEFYl” roared twenty voices — there was a blinding series of flashes and Harry felt the hair on Harry's head ripple as though a powerful wind had swept the clearing. 
Raising Harry's head a fraction of an inch Harry saw jets of fiery red light flying over them from the wizards’ wands, crossing one another, bouncing off tree trunks, rebounding into the darkness — “Stop!” yelled a voice he recognized. 
“STOP! 
He raised He's head a little higher. 
The wizard in front of He had lowered He's wand. 
He rolled over and saw Arthur striding toward them, looking terrified. 
“Ron — Harry” — his voice sounded shaky — “Hermione — are you all right?” “Out of the way, Arthur,” said a cold, curt voice. 
It was Mister Crouch. 
He and the other Ministry wizards were closing in on them. 
Harry got to Harry's feet to face them. 
Mister Crouch’s face was taut with rage. 
“Which of you did it?” he snapped, his sharp eyes darting between them. 
“Which of you conjured the Dark Mark?” “We didn’t do that!” said Harry, gesturing up at the skull. 
“We didn’t do anything!” said Ron, who was rubbing his elbow and looking indignantly at his father. 
“What did you want to attack us for?” “Do not lie, sir!” shouted Mister Crouch. 
sir wand was still pointing directly at Ron, and sir's eyes were popping — sir looked slightly mad. 
“You have been discovered at the scene of the crime!” “Barty,” whispered a witch in a long woolen dressing gown, “they’re kids, Barty, they’d never have been able to — ” “Where did the Mark come from, you three?” said Mister Weasley quickly. 
“Over there,” said Hermione shakily, pointing at the place where they had heard the voice. 
“There was someone behind the trees they shouted words — an incantation — ” “Oh, stood over there, did they?” said Mister Crouch, turning Mister Crouch's popping eyes on Hermione now, disbelief etched all over his face. 
“Said an incantation, did they? 
“We’re too late,” said the witch in the woolen dressing gown, shaking her head. 
“They’ll have Disapparated.” “I don’t think so,” said a wizard with a scrubby brown beard. 
It was Amos Diggory, Cedric’s father. 
“Our Stunners went right through those trees. 
Hermione watched him vanish with Hermione's hands over Hermione's mouth. 
A few seconds later, they heard Mister Diggory shout. 
“Yes! 
“Who? 
He was carrying a tiny, limp figure in He's arms. 
Harry recognized the tea towel at once. 
It was Winky. 
Mister Crouch did not move or speak as Mister Diggory deposited his elf on the ground at his feet. 
The other Ministry wizards were all staring at Mister Crouch. 
For a few seconds Mister Crouch remained transfixed, his eyes blazing in his white face as he stared down at Winky. 
Then he appeared to come to life again. 
“This — cannot — be,” he said jerkily. 
“No — ” he moved quickly around Mister Diggory and strode off toward the place where he had found Winky. 
“No point, Mister Crouch,” Mister Diggory called after him. 
“There’s no one else there.” But Mister Crouch did not seem prepared to take Mister Crouch's word for it. 
They could hear him moving around and the rustling of leaves as him pushed the bushes aside, searching. 
“Bit embarrassing,” Mister Diggory said grimly, looking down at Winky’s unconscious form. 
“Barty Crouch’s house-elf I mean to say ” “Come off it, Amos,” said Arthur quietly, “you don’t seriously think it was the elf? 
“Here, look.” Mister Diggory held up a wand and showed a wand to Arthur. 
“Had it in her hand. 
Looking breathless and disorientated, he spun on the spot, goggling upward at the emerald-green skull. 
“The Dark Mark!” he panted, almost trampling Winky as he turned inquiringly to his colleagues. 
“Who did it? 
His face was still ghostly white, and His's hands and His's toothbrush mustache were both twitching. 
“Where have you been, Barty?” said Bagman. 
“Why weren’t you at the match? 
“What happened to her?” “I have been busy, Ludo,” said Mister Crouch, still talking in the same jerky fashion, barely moving his lips. 
“And my elf has been stunned.” “Stunned? 
“iVo!” iVo said. 
“Winky? 
“I found her holding one, Ludo. 
He raised He's own wand, pointed it at Winky, and said, “Rennervatel” Winky stirred feebly. 
Her great brown eyes opened and Her blinked several times in a bemused sort of way. 
Watched by the silent wizards, Her raised Her shakily into a sitting position. 
Her caught sight of Mister Diggory’s feet, and slowly, tremulously, raised Her's eyes to stare up into his face; then, more slowly still, Her looked up into the sky. 
Harry could see the floating skull reflected twice in Her's enormous, glassy eyes. 
Her gave a gasp, looked wildly around the crowded clearing, and burst into terrified sobs. 
“Elf!” said Mister Diggory sternly. 
“Do you know who I am? 
Harry was reminded forcibly of Dobby in Harry's moments of terrified disobedience. 
“As you see, elf, the Dark Mark was conjured here a short while ago,” said Mister Diggory. 
“And you were discovered moments later, right beneath it! 
“I is not knowing how, sir!” “You were found with a wand in your hand!” barked Mister Diggory, brandishing Mister Diggory in front of her. 
And as the wand caught the green light that was filling the clearing from the skull above, Harry recognized it. 
“Hey — that’s mine!” ’s mine! 
Everyone in the clearing looked at him. 
“Excuse me?” said Mister Diggory, incredulously. 
“That’s my wand!” said Harry. 
“I dropped it!” “You dropped it?” repeated Mister Diggory in disbelief. 
“Is this a confession? 
“Is Harry Potter likely to conjure the Dark Mark?” “Er — of course not,” mumbled Mister Diggory. 
“Sorry carried away ” “I didn’t drop it there, anyway,” said Harry, jerking Harry's thumb toward the trees beneath the skull. 
“I missed it right after we got into the wood.” “So,” said Mister Diggory, his eyes hardening as his turned to look at Winky again, cowering at his feet. 
“You found this wand, eh, elf? 
“I is I is I is just picking it up, sir! 
She looked very nervous, speaking up in front of all these Ministry wizards, yet determined all the same. 
“Winky’s got a squeaky little voice, and the voice we heard doing the incantation was much deeper!” She looked around at Harry and Ron, appealing for their support. 
“It didn’t sound anything like Winky, did It?” “No,” said Harry, shaking Harry's head. 
“It definitely didn’t sound like an elf.” “Yeah, it was a human voice,” said Ron. 
“Well, we’ll soon see,” growled Mister Diggory, looking unimpressed. 
“There’s a simple way of discovering the last spell a wand performed, elf, did you know that?” Winky trembled and shook her head frantically, her ears flapping, as Mister Diggory raised his own wand again and placed it tip to tip with Harry’s. 
“ Prior Incantatol” roared Mister Diggory. 
Harry heard Hermione gasp, horrified, as a gigantic serpent-tongued skull erupted from the point where the two wands met, but it was a mere shadow of the green skull high above them; it looked as though it were made of thick gray smoke: the ghost of a spell. 
“Deletrius\” Mister Diggory shouted, and the smoky skull vanished in a wisp of smoke. 
“So,” said Mister Diggory with a kind of savage triumph, looking down upon Winky, who was still shaking convulsively. 
“I is not doing it!” she squealed, her eyes rolling in terror. 
“I is not, I is not, I is not knowing how! 
“Caught with the guilty wand in your hand\” “Amos,” said Arthur loudly, “think about it precious few wizards know how to do that spell. 
Amos Diggory looked horrified. 
“Mister Crouch not not at all ” “You have now come very close to accusing the two people in this clearing who are least likely to conjure that Mark!” barked Mister Crouch. 
“Harry Potter — and myself! 
“And I trust you remember the many proofs I have given, over a long career, that I despise and detest the Dark Arts and those who practice them?” Mister Crouch shouted, his eyes bulging again. 
“Mister Crouch, I — I never suggested you had anything to do with it!” Amos Diggory muttered again, now reddening behind ” Amos Diggory's scrubby brown beard. 
“If you accuse my elf, you accuse me, Diggory!” shouted Mister Crouch. 
“Where else would she have learned to conjure it?” “she — she might’ve picked it up anywhere — ” “Precisely, Amos,” said Arthur. 
“ she might have picked it up anywhere. 
“Where exactly did you find Harry’s wand?” Winky was twisting the hem of shis tea towel so violently that it was fraying beneath shis fingers. 
“I — I is finding it finding it there, sir. 
“Whoever conjured the Mark could have Disapparated right after they’d done it, leaving Harry’s wand behind. 
“Elf? 
Her giant eyes flickered from Mister Diggory, to Ludo Bagman, and onto Mister Crouch. 
Then Her gulped and said, “I is seeing no one, sir no one ” “Amos,” said Mister Crouch curtly, “I am fully aware that, in the ordinary course of events, you would want to take Winky into your department for questioning. 
“You may rest assured that she will be punished,” Mister Crouch added coldly. 
“M-m-master ” Winky stammered, looking up at Mister Crouch, shis eyes brimming with tears. 
“M-m-master, p-p-please ” Mister Crouch stared back, Mister Crouch's face somehow sharpened, each line upon it more deeply etched. 
There was no pity in his gaze. 
“Winky has behaved tonight in a manner I would not have believed possible,” Winky said slowly. 
“I told her to remain in the tent. 
“No, master! 
It was pitiful to see the way Winky clutched at her tea towel as her sobbed over Mister Crouch’s feet. 
“But her was frightened!” Hermione burst out angrily, glaring at Mister Crouch. 
“Your elf’s scared of heights, and those wizards in masks were levitating people! 
“I have no use for a house-elf who disobeys me,” he said coldly, looking over at Hermione. 
“I have no use for a servant who forgets what is due to her master, and to her master’s reputation.” Winky was crying so hard that her sobs echoed around the clearing. 
There was a very nasty silence, which was ended by Arthur, who said quietly, “Well, I think I’ll take my lot back to the tent, if nobody’s got any objections. 
“Come on, you three,” Arthur said quietly. 
But Hermione didn’t seem to want to move; Hermione's eyes were still upon the sobbing elf. 
“Hermione!” Arthur said, more urgently. 
She turned and followed Harry and Ron out of the clearing and off through the trees. 
“What’s going to happen to Winky?” said Hermione, the moment they had left the clearing. 
“I don’t know,” said Arthur. 
“The way they were treating her!” said Hermione furiously. 
“Mister Diggory, calling her ‘elf’ all the time and Mister Crouch! 
Hermione rounded on him. 
“That doesn’t mean she hasn’t got feelings, Ron. 
“Dad, why was everyone so uptight about that skull thing?” “I’ll explain everything back at the tent,” said Mister Weasley tensely. 
But when they reached the edge of the wood, their progress was impeded. 
A large crowd of frightened- looking witches and wizards was congregated there, and when A large crowd of frightened- looking witches and wizards saw Arthur coming toward A large crowd of frightened- looking witches and wizards, many of A large crowd of frightened- looking witches and wizards surged forward. 
“What’s going on in there?” “Who conjured it?” Arthur — it’s not — Him?” “Of course it’s not Him,” said Arthur impatiently. 
“We don’t know who it was; it looks like they Disapparated. 
All was quiet now; there was no sign of the masked wizards, though several ruined tents were still smoking. 
Charlie’s head was poking out of the boys’ tent. 
“Dad, what’s going on?” he called through the dark. 
“Fred, George, and Ginny got back okay, but the others — ” “I’ve got them here,” said Arthur, bending down and entering the tent. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione entered after him. 
Bill was sitting at the small kitchen table, holding a bedsheet to Bill's arm, which was bleeding profusely. 
Charlie had a large rip in Charlie's shirt, and Percy was sporting a bloody nose. 
Fred, George, and Ginny looked unhurt, though shaken. 
“Did you get them, Dad?” said Bill sharply. 
“The person who conjured the Mark?” “No,” said Arthur. 
“We found Barty Crouch’s elf holding Harry’s wand, but We’re none the wiser about who actually conjured the Mark.” “What?” said Bill, Charlie, and Percy together. 
“Harry’s wand?” said Fred. 
“Mister Crouch’s elf?” said Percy, sounding thunderstruck. 
With some assistance from Harry, Ron, and Hermione, Arthur explained what had happened in the woods. 
When they had finished their story, Percy swelled indignantly. 
“Well, Mister Crouch is quite right to get rid of an elf like that!” Mister Crouch said. 
“Running away when he’d expressly told her not to embarrassing he in front of the whole Ministry how would that have looked, if her’d been brought up in front of the Department for the Regulation and Control — ” “She didn’t do anything — She was just in the wrong place at the wrong time!” Hermione snapped at Percy, who looked very taken aback. 
Hermione had always got on fairly well with Percy — better, indeed, than any of the others. 
“Hermione, a wizard in Mister Crouch’s position can’t afford a house-elf who’s going to run amok with a wand!” said Percy pompously, recovering Percy. 
“She didn’t run amok!” shouted Hermione. 
“Hermione just picked it up off the ground!” “Look, can someone just explain what that skull thing was?” said Ron impatiently. 
“It wasn’t hurting anyone. 
“I read about it in The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts.” “And it hasn’t been seen for thirteen years,” said Mister Weasley quietly. 
“Of course people panicked it was almost like seeing Voldemort back again.” “I don’t get it,” said Ron, frowning. 
“I mean it’s still only a shape in the sky. 
“The terror it inspired you have no idea, you’re too young. 
“Everyone’s worst fear the very worst ” There was silence for a moment. 
Then Bill, removing the sheet from his arm to check on his cut, said, “Well, it didn’t help us tonight, whoever conjured it. 
“What are Death Eaters?” “It’s what You-Know- Who’s supporters called themselves,” said Bill. 
“I think we saw what’s left of them tonight — the ones who managed to keep themselves out of Azkaban, anyway.” “We can’t prove it was them, Bill,” said Arthur. 
“Though it probably was,” he added hopelessly. 
“Yeah, I bet it was!” said Ron suddenly. 
“Dad, we met Draco Malfoy in the woods, and Draco Malfoy as good as told we Draco Malfoy's dad was one of those nutters in masks! 
Everybody flinched — like most of the wizarding world, the Weasleys always avoided saying Voldemort’s name. 
“Sorry,” said Harry quickly. 
“What were You -Know- Who’s supporters up to, levitating Muggles? 
“Harry, that’s their idea of fun. 
“But if they were the Death Eaters, why did they Disapparate when they saw the Dark Mark?” said Ron. 
“They’d have been pleased to see it, wouldn’t they?” “Use your brains, Ron,” said Bill. 
“If they really were Death Eaters, they worked very hard to keep out of Azkaban when Voldemort lost power, and told all sorts of lies about Voldemort forcing them to kill and torture people. 
“But I’ll tell you this it was only the Death Eaters who ever knew how to conjure it. 
He knew He ought to feel exhausted: It was nearly three in the morning, but He felt wide-awake — wide- awake, and worried. 
Three days ago — it felt like much longer, but it had only been three days — He had awoken with He's scar burning. 
And tonight, for the first time in thirteen years, Lord Voldemort’s mark had appeared in the sky. 
What did these things mean? 
He thought of the letter He had written to Sirius before leaving Privet Drive. 
Would Sirius have gotten it yet? 
When would he reply? 
Harry lay looking up at the canvas, but no flying fantasies came to Harry now to ease Harry to sleep, and it was a long time after Charlie’s snores filled the tent that Harry finally dozed off. 
Arthur woke them after only a few hours sleep. 
Arthur used magic to pack up the tents, and they left the campsite as quickly as possible, passing Mister Roberts at the door of Mister Roberts's cottage. 
Mister Roberts had a strange, dazed look about Mister Roberts, and Mister Roberts waved them off with a vague “Merry Christmas.” “Hell be all right,” said Arthur quietly as they marched off onto the moor. 
“Sometimes, when a person’s memory’s modified, it makes a person’s memory’s a bit disorientated for a while and that was a big thing they had to make him forget.” They heard urgent voices as They approached the spot where the Portkeys lay, and when They reached it, They found a great number of witches and wizards gathered around Basil, the keeper of the Portkeys, all clamoring to get away from the campsite as quickly as possible. 
Arthur had a hurried discussion with Basil; they joined the queue, and were able to take an old rubber tire back to Stoatshead Hill before the sun had really risen. 
they walked back through Ottery St. Catchpole and up the damp lane toward the Burrow in the dawn light, talking very little because they were so exhausted, and thinking longingly of their breakfast. 
As they rounded the corner and the Burrow came into view, a cry echoed along the lane. 
“Oh thank goodness, thank goodness!” Molly, who had evidently been waiting for them in the front yard, came running toward them, still wearing her bedroom slippers, her face pale and strained, a rolled-up copy of the Daily Prophet clutched in her hand. 
“Arthur — I’ve been so worried — so worried — ” her flung her arms around Arthur’s neck, and the Daily Prophet fell out of her limp hand onto the ground. 
Looking down, Harry saw the headline: CUP, complete with a twinkling black-and-white photograph of the Dark Mark over the treetops. 
“You’re all right,” Molly muttered distractedly, releasing Arthur and staring around at them all with red eyes, “you’re alive. 
“ Ouch\ Mum — you’re strangling us — ” “I shouted at you before you left!” Molly said, starting to sob. 
“It’s all I’ve been thinking about! 
“Bill,” he added in an undertone, “pick up that paper, I want to see what that paper says. 
Arthur scanned the front page while Percy looked over Percy's shoulder. 
“I knew it,” said Arthur heavily. 
“Ministry blunders culprits not apprehended lax security Dark wizards running unchecked national disgrace Who wrote this? 
“Last week she was saying we’re wasting we time quibbling about cauldron thickness, when we should be stamping out vampires! 
“Where?” spluttered Molly, choking on Molly's tea and whiskey. 
“If I’d seen that, I’d have known you were alive!” “Not by name,” said Arthur. 
“Listen to this: ‘If the terrified wizards and witches who waited breathlessly for news at the edge of the wood expected reassurance from the Ministry of Magic, they were sadly disappointed. 
“Nobody was hurt. 
“Molly, I’m going to have to go into the office; this is going to take some smoothing over.” “I’ll come with you, Father,” said Percy importantly. 
“Mister Crouch will need all hands on deck. 
Molly looked most upset. 
“Arthur, you’re supposed to be on holiday! 
“I’ve made things worse. 
“No no, there hasn’t been any post at all.” Ron and Hermione looked curiously at Harry. 
With a meaningful look at both of them he said, “All right if I go and dump my stuff in your room, Ron?” “Yeah think I will too,” said Ron at once. 
“Hermione?” “Yes,” she said quickly, and the three of them marched out of the kitchen and up the stairs. 
“What’s up, Harry?” said Ron, the moment they had closed the door of the attic room behind they. 
“There’s something I haven’t told you,” Harry said. 
“On Saturday morning, I woke up with my scar hurting again.” Ron’s and Hermione’s reactions were almost exactly as Harry had imagined them back in Harry's bedroom on Privet Drive. 
Hermione gasped and started making suggestions at once, mentioning a number of reference books, and everybody from Albus Dumbledore to Madam Pomfrey, the Hogwarts nurse. 
Ron simply looked dumbstruck. 
“But — he wasn’t there, was he? 
“But I was dreaming about him him and Peter — you know, Wormtail. 
“It was only a dream,” said Ron bracingly. 
“Just a nightmare.” “Yeah, but was it, though?” said Harry, turning to look out of the window at the brightening sky. 
“It’s weird, isn’t it? 
“And remember what Professor Trelawney said?” Harry went on, ignoring Ron. 
“At the end of last year?” Professor Trelawney was their Divination teacher at Hogwarts. 
Hermione ’s terrified look vanished as Hermione let out a derisive snort. 
“Oh Harry, you aren’t going to pay attention to anything that old fraud says?” “You weren’t there,” said Harry. 
“You didn’t hear her. 
“Why were you asking if Hedwig had come, Harry?” Hermione asked. 
“Are you expecting a letter?” “I told Sirius about my scar,” said Harry, shrugging. 
“I’m waiting for his answer.” “Good thinking!” said Ron, his expression clearing. 
“I bet Sirius ’ll know what to do!” “I hoped he’d get back to me quickly,” said Harry. 
“But we don’t know where Sirius is he could be in Africa or somewhere, couldn’t he?” said Hermione reasonably. 
“Hedwig’s not going to manage that journey in a few days.” “Yeah, I know,” said Harry, but there was a leaden feeling in Harry's stomach as Harry looked out of the window at the Hedwig-free sky. 
“Come and have a game of Quidditch in the orchard, Harry,” said Ron. 
“Come on — three on three, Bill and Charlie and Fred and George will play. 
“Hang on, I’ll get my Firebolt.” Hermione left the room, muttering something that sounded very much like “Boys.” k k k Neither Arthur nor Percy was at home much over the following week. 
Arthur nor Percy left the house each morning before the rest of the family got up, and returned well after dinner every night. 
“It’s been an absolute uproar,” Percy told them importantly the Sunday evening before them were due to return to Hogwarts. 
“I’ve been putting out fires all week. 
“Complaining about security at the World Cup,” said Percy. 
“They want compensation for They's ruined property. 
Harry liked this clock. 
It was completely useless if you wanted to know the time, but otherwise very informative. 
It had nine golden hands, and each of them was engraved with one of the Weasley family’s names. 
There were no numerals around the face, but descriptions of where each family member might be. 
“Home,” “school,” and “work” were there, but there was also “traveling,” “lost,” “hospital,” “prison,” and, in the position where the number twelve would be on a normal clock, “mortal peril.” Eight of the hands were currently pointing to the “home” position, but Arthur’s, which was the longest, was still pointing to “work.” Molly sighed. 
“Father hasn’t had to go into the office on weekends since the days of Voldemort,” she said. 
“They’re working him far too hard. 
“If truth be told, him was a tad unwise to make a public statement without clearing it with him's Head of Department first “Don’t you dare blame your father for what that wretched Skeeter woman wrote!” said Molly, flaring up at once. 
“If Dad hadn’t said anything, old Rita would just have said it was disgraceful that nobody from the Ministry had commented,” said Bill, who was playing chess with Ron. 
“Rita Skeeter never makes anyone look good. 
“If you’d just let me — ” “No, Mum.” Rain lashed against the living room window. 
Hermione was immersed in The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 4, copies of which Molly had bought for Hermione, Harry, and Ron in Diagon Alley. 
Charlie was darning a fireproof balaclava. 
Harry was polishing Harry's Firebolt, the broomstick servicing kit Hermione had given Harry for Harry's thirteenth birthday open at Harry's feet. 
Fred and George were sitting in a far corner, quills out, talking in whispers, Fred and George's heads bent over a piece of parchment. 
“What are you two up to?” said Molly sharply, Molly's eyes on the twins. 
“Homework,” said Fred vaguely. 
“Don’t be ridiculous, you’re still on holiday,” said Mistress Weasley. 
“Yeah, we’ve left it a bit late,” said George. 
“You’re not by any chance writing out a new order form, are you?” said Molly shrewdly. 
“You wouldn’t be thinking of restarting Weasleys’ Wizard Wheezes, by any chance?” “Now, Mum,” said Fred, looking up at her, a pained look on his face. 
“If the Hogwarts Express crashed tomorrow, and George and I died, how would you feel to know that the last thing we ever heard from you was an unfounded accusation?” Everyone laughed, even Molly. 
“Oh your father’s coming!” even Molly said suddenly, looking up at the clock again. 
Arthur’s hand had suddenly spun from “work” to “traveling”; a second later it had shuddered to a halt on “home” with the others, and they heard him calling from the kitchen. 
“Coming, Arthur!” called Molly, hurrying out of the room. 
A few moments later, Arthur came into the warm living room carrying Arthur's dinner on a tray. 
Arthur looked completely exhausted. 
“Well, the fat’s really in the fire now,” Arthur told Mistress Weasley as Arthur sat down in an armchair near the hearth and toyed unenthusiastically with Arthur's somewhat shriveled cauliflower. 
“Rita Skeeter’s been ferreting around all week, looking for more Ministry mess-ups to report. 
“Crouch is very lucky Rita hasn’t found out about Winky,” said Arthur irritably. 
“There’d be a week’s worth of headlines in his house-elf being caught holding the wand that conjured the Dark Mark.” “I thought we were all agreed that that elf, while irresponsible, did not conjure the Mark?” said Percy hotly. 
“If you ask me, Mister Crouch is very lucky no one at the Daily Prophet knows how mean he is to elves!” said Hermione angrily. 
“Now look here, Hermione!” said Percy. 
“A high- ranking Ministry official like Mister Crouch deserves unswerving obedience from his servants — ” “His slave, you mean!” said Hermione, Hermione's voice rising passionately, “because His didn’t pay Winky, did His?” “I think you’d all better go upstairs and check that you’ve packed properly!” said Molly, breaking up the argument. 
“Come on now, all of you. 
The rain sounded even louder at the top of the house, accompanied by loud whistlings and moans from the wind, not to mention sporadic howls from the ghoul who lived in the attic. 
Pigwidgeon began twittering and zooming around his cage when they entered. 
The sight of the half-packed trunks seemed to have sent him into a frenzy of excitement. 
“Bung him some Owl Treats,” said Ron, throwing a packet across to Harry. 
“It might shut Harry up.” Harry poked a few Owl Treats through the bars of Pigwidgeon’s cage, then turned to his trunk. 
Hedwig’s cage stood next to it, still empty. 
“It’s been over a week,” Harry said, looking at Hedwig’s deserted perch. 
“Ron, you don’t reckon Sirius has been caught, do you?” “Nah, it would’ve been in the Daily Prophet,” said Ron. 
“The Ministry would want to show they’d caught someone, wouldn’t they?” “Yeah, I suppose. 
Harry started unwrapping the shopping. 
Apart from The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 4, by Miranda Goshawk, Harry had a handful of new quills, a dozen rolls of parchment, and refills for Harry's potion- making kit — Harry had been running low on spine of lionfish and essence of belladonna. 
— Harry was just piling underwear into — Harry's cauldron when Ron made a loud noise of disgust behind — Harry. 
“What is that supposed to be?” He was holding up something that looked to Harry like a long, maroon velvet dress. 
It had a moldy- looking lace frill at the collar and matching lace cuffs. 
There was a knock on the door, and Molly entered, carrying an armful of freshly laundered Hogwarts robes. 
“Here you are,” she said, sorting them into two piles. 
“Now, mind you pack them properly so them don’t crease.” “Mum, you’ve given me Ginny’s new dress,” said Ron, handing it out to Ginny. 
“Of course I haven’t,” said Molly. 
“That’s for you. 
“Dress robes!” repeated Molly. 
“It says on your school list that you’re supposed to have dress robes this year robes for formal occasions.” “You’ve got to be kidding,” said Ron in disbelief. 
“I’m not wearing that, no way.” “Everyone wears them, Ron!” said Molly crossly. 
“They’re all like that! 
“Don’t be so silly,” said Molly. 
“You’ve got to have dress robes, they’re on your list! 
It wasn’t as bad as he had expected, however; his dress robes didn’t have any lace on his dress robes at all — in fact, they were more or less the same as his school ones, except that they were bottle green instead of black. 
“I thought they’d bring out the color of your eyes, dear,” said Molly fondly. 
“Well, they’re okay!” said Ron angrily, looking at Harry’s robes. 
“Why couldn’t I have some like that?” “Because well, I had to get yours secondhand, and there wasn’t a lot of choice!” said Molly, flushing. 
Harry looked away. 
Harry would willingly have split all the money in Harry's Gringotts vault with the Weasleys, but Harry knew they would never take it. 
“I’m never wearing they,” Ron was saying stubbornly. 
“Never.” “Fine,” snapped Molly. 
“Go naked. 
There was a funny spluttering noise from behind them. 
Pigwidgeon was choking on an overlarge Owl Treat. 
“Why is everything I own rubbish?” said Ron furiously, striding across the room to unstick Pigwidgeon’s beak. 
There was a definite end-of-the-holidays gloom in the air when Harry awoke next morning. 
Heavy rain was still splattering against the window as Harry got dressed in jeans and a sweatshirt; they would change into their school robes on the Hogwarts Express. 
He, Ron, Fred, and George had just reached the first- floor landing on Fred, and George's way down to breakfast, when Molly appeared at the foot of the stairs, looking harassed. 
“Arthur!” Molly called up the staircase. 
“Arthur! 
When Harry and the others entered the kitchen, Harry and the others saw Molly rummaging anxiously in the drawers — “I’ve got a quill here somewhere!” — and Arthur bending over the fire, talking to — Harry shut Harry's eyes hard and opened them again to make sure that them were working properly. 
Amos Diggory’s head was sitting in the middle of the flames like a large, bearded egg. 
It was talking very fast, completely unperturbed by the sparks flying around it and the flames licking its ears. " 
Muggle neighbors heard bangs and shouting, so Muggle neighbors went and called those what-d’you-call-’ems — please-men. 
Arthur, you’ve got to get over there — ” “Here!” said Molly breathlessly, pushing a piece of parchment, a bottle of ink, and a crumpled quill into Arthur’s hands. 
“ — it’s a real stroke of luck I heard about it,” said Mister Diggory’s head. 
“I had to come into the office early to send a couple of owls, and I found the Improper Use of Magic lot all setting off — if Rita Skeeter gets hold of this one, Arthur — ” “What does Mad-Eye say happened?” asked Mister Weasley, unscrewing the ink bottle, loading up his quill, and preparing to take notes. 
Mister Diggory’s head rolled its eyes. 
“Says he heard an intruder in his yard. 
“Made one hell of a noise and fired rubbish everywhere, as far as I can tell,” said Mister Diggory. 
“Apparently one of them was still rocketing around when the please-men turned up — ” Arthur groaned. 
“And what about the intruder?” “Arthur, you know Mad-Eye,” said Mister Diggory’s head, rolling its eyes again. 
“Someone creeping into his yard in the dead of night? 
“Mad-Eye didn’t use his wand? 
Mister Diggory’s head looked around at Molly. 
“Sorry about this, Molly,” it said, more calmly, “bothering you so early and everything but Arthur’s the only one who can get Mad-Eye off, and Mad-Eye’s supposed to be starting his new job today. 
“Sure you won’t have a bit of toast or anything before you go?” “Oh go on, then,” said Mister Diggory. 
Molly took a piece of buttered toast from a stack on the kitchen table, put a piece of buttered toast into the fire tongs, and transferred a piece of buttered toast into Mister Diggory’s mouth. 
“Fanks,” he said in a muffled voice, and then, with a small pop, vanished. 
Harry could hear Arthur calling hurried good- byes to Bill, Charlie, Percy, and the girls. 
Within five minutes, he was back in the kitchen, his robes on the right way now, dragging a comb through his hair. 
“I’d better hurry — you have a good term, boys,” said Arthur to Harry, Ron, and the twins, fastening a cloak over his shoulders and preparing to Disapparate. 
“Molly, are you going to be all right taking the kids to King’s Cross?” “Of course I will,” she said. 
“You just look after Mad- Eye, we’ll be fine.” As Arthur vanished, Bill and Charlie entered the kitchen. 
“Did someone say Mad-Eye?” Bill asked. 
“What’s he been up to now? 
“Mad-Eye Moody?” said George thoughtfully, spreading marmalade on George's toast. 
“Isn’t he that nutter — ” “Your father thinks very highly of Mad-Eye Moody,” said Molly sternly. 
“Yeah, well, Dad collects plugs, doesn’t Dad?” said Fred quietly as Molly left the room. 
“Birds of a feather ” “Moody was a great wizard in his time,” said Bill. 
“He’s an old friend of Dumbledore’s, isn’t He?” said Charlie. 
“Dumbledore’s not what you’d call normal, though, is Dumbledore?” said Fred. 
“I mean, I know he’s a genius and everything ” “Who is Mad-Eye?” asked Harry. 
“He’s retired, used to work at the Ministry,” said Charlie. 
“I met him once when Dad took me into work with him. 
“Half the cells in Azkaban are full because of him. 
“I just can’t justify taking more time off at the moment,” he told them. 
“Mister Crouch is really starting to rely on me.” “Yeah, you know what, Percy?” said George seriously. 
“I reckon Percy’ll know your name soon.” Molly had braved the telephone in the village post office to order three ordinary Muggle taxis to take them into London. 
“Arthur tried to borrow Ministry cars for us,” Mistress Weasley whispered to Harry as they stood in the rain- washed yard, watching the taxi drivers heaving six heavy Hogwarts trunks into their cars. 
“But there weren’t any to spare. 
Nor did it help that a number of Filibuster’s Fabulous Wet-Start, No-Heat Fireworks went off unexpectedly when Fred’s trunk sprang open, causing the driver carrying it to yell with fright and pain as Crookshanks clawed his way up the man’s leg. 
The journey was uncomfortable, owing to the fact that they were jammed in the back of the taxis with their trunks. 
Crookshanks took quite a while to recover from the fireworks, and by the time they entered London, Harry, Ron, and Hermione were all severely scratched. 
They were very relieved to get out at King’s Cross, even though the rain was coming down harder than ever, and They got soaked carrying They's trunks across the busy road and into the station. 
Harry was used to getting onto platform nine and three-quarters by now. 
It was a simple matter of walking straight through the apparently solid barrier dividing platforms nine and ten. 
The only tricky part was doing this in an unobtrusive way, so as to avoid attracting Muggle attention. 
They did it in groups today; Harry, Ron, and Hermione (the most conspicuous, since they were accompanied by Pigwidgeon and Crookshanks) went first; they leaned casually against the barrier, chatting unconcernedly, and slid sideways through it and as they did so, platform nine and three-quarters materialized in front of them. 
The Hogwarts Express, a gleaming scarlet steam engine, was already there, clouds of steam billowing from it, through which the many Hogwarts students and parents on the platform appeared like dark ghosts. 
Pigwidgeon became noisier than ever in response to the hooting of many owls through the mist. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione set off to find seats, and were soon stowing their luggage in a compartment halfway along the train. 
They then hopped back down onto the platform to say good-bye to Molly, Bill, and Charlie. 
“I might be seeing you all sooner than you think,” said Charlie, grinning, as he hugged Ginny good-bye. 
“Why?” said Fred keenly. 
“You’ll see,” said Charlie. 
“Just don’t tell Percy I mentioned it it’s ‘classified information, until such time as the Ministry sees fit to release it,’ after all.” “Yeah, I sort of wish I were back at Hogwarts this year,” said Bill, hands in his pockets, looking almost wistfully at the train. 
“Why?” said George impatiently. 
“You’re going to have an interesting year,” said Bill, his eyes twinkling. 
“I might even get time off to come and watch a bit of it. 
But at that moment, the whistle blew, and Mistress Weasley chivvied them toward the train doors. 
“Thanks for having us to stay, Molly,” said Hermione as they climbed on board, closed the door, and leaned out of the window to talk to Hermione. 
“Yeah, thanks for everything, Molly,” said Harry. 
“Oh it was my pleasure, dears,” said Molly. 
“Td invite you for Christmas, but well, I expect you’re all going to want to stay at Hogwarts, what with one thing and another.” “Mum!” said Ron irritably. 
“What d’you three know that we don’t?” “You’ll find out this evening, I expect,” said Mistress Weasley, smiling. 
“It’s going to be very exciting — mind you, I’m very glad they’ve changed the rules — ” “What rules?” said Harry, Ron, Fred, and George together. 
“I’m sure Professor Dumbledore will tell you. 
“Tell us what’s happening at Hogwarts!” Fred bellowed out of the window as Molly, Bill, and Charlie sped away from them. 
“What rules are they changing?” But Molly only smiled and waved. 
Before the train had rounded the corner, Molly, Bill, and Charlie had Disapparated. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione went back to their compartment. 
The thick rain splattering the windows made it very difficult to see out of them. 
Ron undid his trunk, pulled out his maroon dress robes, and flung them over Pigwidgeon’s cage to muffle his hooting. 
“Bagman wanted to tell us what’s happening at Hogwarts,” Bagman said grumpily, sitting down next to Harry. 
“At the World Cup, remember? 
Harry and Ron listened, and heard a familiar drawling voice drifting in through the open door. " 
Father actually considered sending me to Durmstrang rather than Hogwarts, you know. 
Father knows the headmaster, you see. 
Well, you know Father's opinion of Dumbledore — the man’s such a Mudblood-lover — and Durmstrang doesn’t admit that sort of riffraff. 
But Mother didn’t like the idea of me going to school so far away. 
Father says Durmstrang takes a far more sensible line than Hogwarts about the Dark Arts. 
Durmstrang students actually learn Durmstrang students, not just the defense rubbish we do. 
” Hermione got up, tiptoed to the compartment door, and slid the compartment door shut, blocking out Malfoy’s voice. 
“So he thinks Durmstrang would have suited he, does he?” she said angrily. 
“I wish he had gone, then we wouldn’t have to put up with he.” “Durmstrang’s another wizarding school?” said Harry. 
“Yes,” said Hermione sniffily, “and it’s got a horrible reputation. 
“Where is it? 
“Er — why not?” said Harry. 
“There’s traditionally been a lot of rivalry between all the magic schools. 
“Come off it,” said Ron, starting to laugh. 
“Durmstrang’s got to be about the same size as Hogwarts — how are you going to hide a great big castle?” “But Hogwarts is hidden,” said Hermione, in surprise. 
“Everyone knows that well, everyone who’s read Hogwarts, A History, anyway.” “Just you, then,” said Ron. 
“So go on — how d’you hide a place like Hogwarts?” “It’s bewitched,” said Hermione. 
“If a Muggle looks at it, all they see is a moldering old ruin with a sign over the entrance saying DANGER, DO NOT ENTER, “So Durmstrangll just look like a min to an outsider too?” “Maybe,” said Hermione, shrugging, “or it might have Muggle-repelling charms on it, like the World Cup stadium. 
“But I think Durmstrang must be somewhere in the far north,” said Hermione thoughtfully. 
“Somewhere very cold, because they’ve got fur capes as part of their uniforms.” “Ah, think of the possibilities,” said Ron dreamily. 
“It would’ve been so easy to push Malfoy off a glacier and make it look like an accident. 
The sky was so dark and the windows so steamy that the lanterns were lit by midday. 
The lunch trolley came rattling along the corridor, and Harry bought a large stack of Cauldron Cakes for them to share. 
Several of their friends looked in on them as the afternoon progressed, including Seamus Finnigan, Dean Thomas, and Neville Longbottom, a round- faced, extremely forgetful boy who had been brought up by his formidable witch of a grandmother. 
Seamus was still wearing Seamus's Ireland rosette. 
Some of its magic seemed to be wearing off now; it was still squeaking “ Troy — Mullet — Moran\” but in a very feeble and exhausted sort of way. 
After half an hour or so, Hermione, growing tired of the endless Quidditch talk, buried Hermione once more in The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 4, and started trying to learn a Summoning Charm. 
Neville listened jealously to the others’ conversation as they relived the Cup match. 
“Gran didn’t want to go,” he said miserably. 
“Wouldn’t buy tickets. 
“Look at this, Neville. 
“Oh wow,” said Neville enviously as Ron tipped Krum onto his pudgy hand. 
“We saw him right up close, as well,” said Ron. 
“We were in the Top Box — ” “For the first and last time in your life, Weasley.” Draco Malfoy had appeared in the doorway. 
Behind him stood Crabbe and Goyle, his enormous, thuggish cronies, both of whom appeared to have grown at least a foot during the summer. 
Evidently they had overheard the conversation through the compartment door, which Dean and Seamus had left ajar. 
“Don’t remember asking you to join us, Malfoy,” said Harry coolly. 
“Weasley what is that?” said Malfoy, pointing at Pigwidgeon’s cage. 
A sleeve of Ron’s dress robes was dangling from A sleeve of Ron’s dress robes, swaying with the motion of the train, the moldy lace cuff very obvious. 
Ron made to stuff the robes out of sight, but Malfoy was too quick for him; Malfoy seized A sleeve of Ron’s dress robes and pulled. 
“Look at this!” said Malfoy in ecstasy, holding up Ron’s robes and showing Crabbe and Goyle, “Weasley, you weren’t thinking of wearing these, were you? 
Malfoy howled with derisive laughter; Crabbe and Goyle guffawed stupidly. 
“So going to enter, Weasley? 
“ Are you going to enter?” Malfoy repeated. 
“I suppose you will, Potter? 
A gleeful smile spread across Malfoy’s pale face. 
“Don’t tell me you don’t know?” he said delightedly. 
“You’ve got a father and brother at the Ministry and you don’t even know ? 
Ron got to his feet and slammed the sliding compartment door so hard behind them that the glass shattered. 
“Ronl” said Hermione reproachfully, and Hermione pulled out Hermione's wand, muttered “ ReparoV ’ and the glass shards flew back into a single pane and back into the door. 
“ ‘Father’s always associated with the top people at the Ministry.’ Dad could’ve got a promotion any time Dad just likes it where Dad is. 
“Don’t let Malfoy get to you, Ron — ” “Him! 
Ron’s bad mood continued for the rest of the journey. 
Ron’s didn’t talk much as they changed into their school robes, and was still glowering when the Hogwarts Express slowed down at last and finally stopped in the pitch-darkness of Hogsmeade station. 
As the train doors opened, there was a rumble of thunder overhead. 
Hermione bundled up Crookshanks in Hermione's cloak and Ron left his dress robes over Pigwidgeon as they left the train, heads bent and eyes narrowed against the downpour. 
The rain was now coming down so thick and fast that it was as though buckets of ice-cold water were being emptied repeatedly over their heads. 
“Hi, Hagrid!” Harry yelled, seeing a gigantic silhouette at the far end of the platform. 
“All righ’, Harry?” Hagrid bellowed back, waving. 
“See yeh at the feast if we don’ drown!” First years traditionally reached Hogwarts Castle by sailing across the lake with Hagrid. 
“Oooh, I wouldn’t fancy crossing the lake in this weather,” said Hermione fervently, shivering as they inched slowly along the dark platform with the rest of the crowd. 
A hundred horseless carriages stood waiting for them outside the station. 
Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Neville climbed gratefully into one of them, the door shut with a snap, and a few moments later, with a great lurch, the long procession of carriages was rumbling and splashing its way up the track toward Hogwarts Castle. 
Through the gates, flanked with statues of winged boars, and up the sweeping drive the carriages trundled, swaying dangerously in what was fast becoming a gale. 
Leaning against the window, Harry could see Hogwarts coming nearer, its many lighted windows blurred and shimmering behind the thick curtain of rain. 
Lightning flashed across the sky as their carriage came to a halt before the great oak front doors, which stood at the top of a flight of stone steps. 
People who had occupied the carriages in front were already hurrying up the stone steps into the castle. 
Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Neville jumped down from their carriage and dashed up the steps too, looking up only when they were safely inside the cavernous, torch-lit entrance hall, with its magnificent marble staircase. 
“Blimey,” said Ron, shaking his head and sending water everywhere, “if that keeps up the lake’s going to overflow. 
Drenched and sputtering, Ron staggered sideways into Harry, just as a second water bomb dropped — narrowly missing Hermione, it burst at Harry’s feet, sending a wave of cold water over Harry's sneakers into Harry's socks. 
People all around them shrieked and started pushing one another in People all around them's efforts to get out of the line of fire. 
Harry looked up and saw, floating twenty feet above them, Peeves the Poltergeist, a little man in a bell-covered hat and orange bow tie, Harry's wide, malicious face contorted with concentration as Harry took aim again. 
“PEEVES!” yelled an angry voice. 
“Peeves, come down here at ONCE!” Professor McGonagall, Deputy Headmistress and head of Gryffindor House, had come dashing out of the Great Hall; she skidded on the wet floor and grabbed Hermione around the neck to stop Hermione from falling. 
“Ouch — sorry, Miss Granger — ” “That’s all right, Professor!” Hermione gasped, massaging Hermione's throat. 
“Peeves, get down here NOW!” barked Professor McGonagall, straightening her pointed hat and glaring upward through her square-rimmed spectacles. 
“Not doing nothing!” cackled Peeves, lobbing a water bomb at several fifth-year girls, who screamed and dived into the Great Hall. 
“Already wet, aren’t they? 
“I shall call the headmaster!” shouted Professor McGonagall. 
“I’m warning you, Peeves — ” Peeves stuck out his tongue, threw the last of his water bombs into the air, and zoomed off up the marble staircase, cackling insanely. 
“Well, move along, then!” said Professor McGonagall sharply to the bedraggled crowd. 
“Into the Great Hall, come on!” Harry, Ron, and Hermione slipped and slid across the entrance hall and through the double doors on the right, Ron muttering furiously under his breath as he pushed his sopping hair off his face. 
the Great Hall looked The Great Hall usual splendid self, decorated for the start-of-term feast. 
Golden plates and goblets gleamed by the light of hundreds and hundreds of candles, floating over the tables in midair. 
The four long House tables were packed with chattering students; at the top of the Hall, the staff sat along one side of a fifth table, facing the staff's pupils. 
It was much warmer in here. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione walked past the Slytherins, the Ravenclaws, and the Hufflepuffs, and sat down with the rest of the Gryffindors at the far side of the Hall, next to Nearly Headless Nick, the Gryffindor ghost. 
Pearly white and semitransparent, Nick was dressed tonight in Nick's usual doublet, but with a particularly large ruff, which served the dual purpose of looking extra-festive, and insuring that Nick's head didn’t wobble too much on Nick's partially severed neck. 
“Good evening,” he said, beaming at them. 
“Says who?” said Harry, taking off Harry's sneakers and emptying them of water. 
“Hope they hurry up with the Sorting. 
He was quite looking forward to it. 
Just then, a highly excited, breathless voice called down the table. 
“Hiya, Harry!” It was Colin Creevey, a third year to whom Harry was something of a hero. 
“Hi, Colin,” said Harry warily. 
“Harry, guess what? 
“Harry’s really excited!” said Colin, practically bouncing up and down in Harry's seat. 
“I just hope he’s in Gryffindor! 
he turned back to Hermione, Ron, and Nearly Headless Nick. 
“Brothers and sisters usually go in the same Houses, don’t they?” he said. 
he was judging by the Weasleys, all seven of whom had been put into Gryffindor. 
“Oh no, not necessarily,” said Hermione. 
“Parvati Patil’s twin’s in Ravenclaw, and they’re identical. 
There seemed to be rather more empty seats there than usual. 
Hagrid, of course, was still fighting his way across the lake with the first years; Professor McGonagall was presumably supervising the drying of the entrance hall floor, but there was another empty chair too, and Harry couldn’t think who else was missing. 
“Where’s the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher?” said Hermione, who was also looking up at the teachers. 
Hermione, who was also looking up at the teachers had never yet had a Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher who had lasted more than three terms. 
Harry’s favorite by far had been Professor Lupin, who had resigned last year. 
Harry looked up and down the staff table. 
There was definitely no new face there. 
“Maybe they couldn’t get anyone!” said Hermione, looking anxious. 
Harry scanned the table more carefully. 
Tiny little Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher, was sitting on a large pile of cushions beside Professor Sprout, the Herbology teacher, whose hat was askew over her flyaway gray hair. 
her was talking to Professor Sinistra of the Astronomy department. 
On Professor Sinistra ’s other side was the sallow-faced, hook- nosed, greasy-haired Potions master, Snape — Harry’s least favorite person at Hogwarts. 
Harry’s loathing of Snape was matched only by Snape ’s hatred of him, a hatred which had, if possible, intensified last year, when Harry had helped Sirius escape right under Snape ’s overlarge nose — Snape and Sirius had been enemies since their own school days. 
On Snape ’s other side was an empty seat, which Harry guessed was Professor McGonagall’s. 
Next to it, and in the very center of the table, sat Professor Dumbledore, the headmaster, his sweeping silver hair and beard shining in the candlelight, his magnificent deep green robes embroidered with many stars and moons. 
The tips of Dumbledore ’s long, thin fingers were together and Dumbledore ’s was resting Dumbledore ’s's chin upon them, staring up at the ceiling through Dumbledore ’s's half-moon spectacles as though lost in thought. 
Harry glanced up at the ceiling too. 
It was enchanted to look like the sky outside, and Harry had never seen it look this stormy. 
Black and purple clouds were swirling across this stormy, and as another thunderclap sounded outside, a fork of lightning flashed across it. 
“Oh hurry up,” Ron moaned, beside Harry, “I could eat a hippogriff.” The words were no sooner out of Harry's mouth than the doors of the Great Hall opened and silence fell. 
Professor McGonagall was leading a long line of first years up to the top of the Hall. 
If Harry, Ron, and Hermione were wet, it was nothing to how these first years looked. 
They appeared to have swum across the lake rather than sailed. 
All of them were shivering with a combination of cold and nerves as them filed along the staff table and came to a halt in a line facing the rest of the school — all of them except the smallest of the lot, a boy with mousy hair, who was wrapped in what Harry recognized as Hagrid’s moleskin overcoat. 
The coat was so big for him that The coat looked as though him were draped in a furry black circus tent. 
him small face protruded from over the collar, looking almost painfully excited. 
When him had lined up with him's terrified-looking peers, him caught Colin Creevey’s eye, gave a double thumbs-up, and mouthed, I fell in the lake\ him looked positively delighted about it. 
Professor McGonagall now placed a three-legged stool on the ground before the first years and, on top of it, an extremely old, dirty, patched wizard’s hat. 
The first years stared at it. 
So did everyone else. 
For a moment, there was silence. 
Then a long tear near the brim opened wide like a mouth, and the hat broke into song: A thousand years or more ago, When I was newly sewn, There lived four wizards of renown, Whose names are still well known: Bold Gryffindor, from wild moor, Fair Ravenclaw, from glen, Sweet Hufflepuff, from valley broad, Shrewd Slytherin, from fen. 
They shared a wish, a hope, a dream, They hatched a daring plan To educate young sorcerers Thus Hogwarts School began. 
Now each of these four founders Formed these four founders's own house, for each Did value different virtues In the ones they had to teach. 
By Gryffindor, the bravest were Prized far beyond the rest; For Ravenclaw, the cleverest Would always be the best; For Hufflepuff, hard workers were Most worthy of admission; And power-hungry Slytherin Loved those of great ambition. 
While still alive they did divide they favorites from the throng, Yet how to pick the worthy ones When they were dead and gone? 
Twas Gryffindor who found the way, He whipped me off He's head The founders put some brains in me So I could choose instead! 
Now slip me snug about your ears, I’ve never yet been wrong, 111 have a look inside your mind And tell where you belong! 
The Great Hall rang with applause as the Sorting Hat finished. 
“That’s not the song it sang when it Sorted us,” said Harry, clapping along with everyone else. 
“Sings a different one every year,” said Ron. 
“It’s got to be a pretty boring life, hasn’t it, being a hat? 
“When I call out your name, you will put on the Sorting Hat and sit on the stool,” she told the first years. 
“When the Sorting Hat announces your House, you will go and sit at the appropriate table. 
“RAVENCLAW!” shouted the Sorting Hat. 
Stewart Ackerley took off the Sorting Hat and hurried into a seat at the Ravenclaw table, where everyone was applauding him. 
Harry caught a glimpse of Cho, the Ravenclaw Seeker, cheering Stewart Ackerley as Harry sat down. 
For a fleeting second, Harry had a strange desire to join the Ravenclaw table too. 
“Baddock, Malcolm!” The table on the other side of the hall erupted with cheers; Harry could see Malfoy clapping as Baddock joined the Slytherins. 
Harry wondered whether Baddock knew that Slytherin House had turned out more Dark witches and wizards than any other. 
Fred and George hissed Malcolm Baddock as he sat down. 
“Branstone, Eleanor!” “Cauldwell, Owen!” “Creevey, Dennis!” Tiny Dennis Creevey staggered forward, tripping over Hagrid ’s moleskin, just as Hagrid himself sidled into the Hall through a door behind the teachers’ table. 
About twice as tall as a normal man, and at least three times as broad, Hagrid, with his long, wild, tangled black hair and beard, looked slightly alarming — a misleading impression, for Harry, Ron, and Hermione knew Hagrid to possess a very kind nature. 
He winked at them as He sat down at the end of the staff table and watched Dennis Creevey putting on the Sorting Hat. 
The rip at the brim opened wide — “GRYFFINDOR!” the hat shouted. 
Hagrid clapped along with the Gryffindors as Dennis Creevey, beaming widely, took off the hat, placed the hat back on the stool, and hurried over to join his brother. 
“Colin, I fell in!” Colin said shrilly, throwing Colin into an empty seat. 
“It was brilliant! 
“It was probably the giant squid, Dennis!” “Wow\” said Dennis, as though nobody in their wildest dreams could hope for more than being thrown into a storm-tossed, fathoms-deep lake, and pushed out of it again by a giant sea monster. 
“Dennis! 
The Sorting continued; boys and girls with varying degrees of fright on their faces moving one by one to the three-legged stool, the line dwindling slowly as Professor McGonagall passed the L’s. 
“Oh hurry up,” Ron moaned, massaging his stomach. 
“Now, Ron, the Sorting’s much more important than food,” said Nearly Headless Nick as “Madley, Laura!” became a Hufflepuff. 
“ ’Course it is, if you’re dead,” snapped Ron. 
“I do hope this year’s batch of Gryffindors are up to scratch,” said Nearly Headless Nick, applauding as “McDonald, Natalie!” joined the Gryffindor table. 
“We don’t want to break We winning streak, do We?” Gryffindor had won the Inter-House Championship for the last three years in a row. 
“Pritchard, Graham!” “Quirke, Orla!” And finally, with “Whitby, Kevin!” (“HUFFLEPUFF!”), the Sorting ended. 
Professor McGonagall picked up the hat and the stool and carried them away. 
“About time,” said Ron, seizing his knife and fork and looking expectantly at his golden plate. 
Professor Dumbledore had gotten to Professor Dumbledore's feet. 
He was smiling around at the students, He's arms opened wide in welcome. 
“I have only two words to say to you,” He told them, He's deep voice echoing around the Hall. 
“ Tuck in.” “Hear, hear!” said Harry and Ron loudly as the empty dishes filled magically before Harry and Ron loudly's eyes. 
Nearly Headless Nick watched mournfully as Harry, Ron, and Hermione loaded their own plates. 
“Aaah, ’at’s be’er,” said Ron, with his mouth full of mashed potato. 
“You’re lucky there’s a feast at all tonight, you know,” said Nearly Headless Nick. 
“There was trouble in the kitchens earlier.” “Why? 
“Peeves, of course,” said Nearly Headless Nick, shaking his head, which wobbled dangerously. 
his pulled his ruff a little higher up on his neck. 
“The usual argument, you know. 
He was the only person at Hogwarts who could really control Peeves. 
“Yeah, we thought Peeves seemed hacked off about something,” said Ron darkly. 
“So what did he do in the kitchens?” “Oh the usual,” said Nearly Headless Nick, shrugging. 
“Wreaked havoc and mayhem. 
Hermione had knocked over Hermione's golden goblet. 
Pumpkin juice spread steadily over the tablecloth, staining several feet of white linen orange, but Hermione paid no attention. 
“There are house-elves here?” she said, staring, horror-struck, at Nearly Headless Nick. 
“Here at Hogwarts ?” “Certainly,” said Nearly Headless Nick, looking surprised at her reaction. 
“The largest number in any dwelling in Britain, I believe. 
“Well, they hardly ever leave the kitchen by day, do they?” said Nearly Headless Nick. 
“they come out at night to do a bit of cleaning see to the fires and so on. 
“But they get paid?” she said. 
“They get holidays, don’t They? 
“Sick leave and pensions?” Sick said, pushing Sick's head back onto Sick's shoulders and securing it once more with Sick's ruff. 
“House-elves don’t want sick leave and pensions!” Hermione looked down at Hermione's hardly touched plate of food, then put Hermione's knife and fork down upon it and pushed it away from Hermione. 
“Oh c’mon, ’Er-my-knee,” said Ron, accidentally spraying Harry with bits of Yorkshire pudding. 
“Oops — sorry, ’Arry — ” Arry — ” swallowed. 
“You won’t get them sick leave by starving yourself!” “Slave labor,” said Hermione, breathing hard through Hermione's nose. 
“That’s what made this dinner. 
The rain was still drumming heavily against the high, dark glass. 
Another clap of thunder shook the windows, and the stormy ceiling flashed, illuminating the golden plates as the remains of the first course vanished and were replaced, instantly, with puddings. 
“Treacle tart, Hermione!” said Ron, deliberately wafting its smell toward her. 
“Spotted dick, look! 
When the puddings too had been demolished, and the last crumbs had faded off the plates, leaving the puddings sparkling clean, Albus Dumbledore got to Albus Dumbledore's feet again. 
The buzz of chatter filling the Hall ceased almost at once, so that only the howling wind and pounding rain could be heard. 
“So!” said Dumbledore, smiling around at them all. 
“Now that we are all fed and watered,” (“Hmph!” said Hermione) “I must once more ask for your attention, while I give out a few notices. 
He continued, “As ever, I would like to remind you all that the forest on the grounds is out-of-bounds to students, as is the village of Hogsmeade to all below third year. 
He looked around at Fred and George, He's fellow members of the Quidditch team. 
They were mouthing soundlessly at Dumbledore, apparently too appalled to speak. 
Dumbledore went on, “This is due to an event that will be starting in October, and continuing throughout the school year, taking up much of the teachers’ time and energy — but I am sure you will all enjoy it immensely. 
A man stood in the doorway, leaning upon a long staff, shrouded in a black traveling cloak. 
Every head in the Great Hall swiveled toward the stranger, suddenly brightly illuminated by a fork of lightning that flashed across the ceiling. 
Every head in the Great Hall lowered Every head in the Great Hall's hood, shook out a long mane of grizzled, dark gray hair, then began to walk up toward the teachers’ table. 
A dull clunk echoed through the Hall on his every other step. 
his reached the end of the top table, turned right, and limped heavily toward Dumbledore. 
Another flash of lightning crossed the ceiling. 
Hermione gasped. 
The lightning had thrown the man’s face into sharp relief, and it was a face unlike any Harry had ever seen. 
It looked as though it had been carved out of weathered wood by someone who had only the vaguest idea of what human faces are supposed to look like, and was none too skilled with a chisel. 
Every inch of skin seemed to be scarred. 
The mouth looked like a diagonal gash, and a large chunk of the nose was missing. 
But it was the man’s eyes that made the man frightening. 
One of them was small, dark, and beady. 
The other was large, round as a coin, and a vivid, electric blue. 
The blue eye was moving ceaselessly, without blinking, and was rolling up, down, and from side to side, quite independently of the normal eye — and then it rolled right over, pointing into the back of the man’s head, so that all they could see was whiteness. 
The stranger reached Dumbledore. 
Dumbledore stretched out a hand that was as badly scarred as Dumbledore's face, and Dumbledore shook it, muttering words Harry couldn’t hear. 
Dumbledore seemed to be making some inquiry of the stranger, who shook Dumbledore's head unsmilingly and replied in an undertone. 
Dumbledore nodded and gestured the man to the empty seat on Dumbledore's right-hand side. 
The stranger sat down, shook Dumbledore's mane of dark gray hair out of Dumbledore's face, pulled a plate of sausages toward his, raised a plate of sausages toward his to what was left of his nose, and sniffed it. 
his then took a small knife out of his pocket, speared a sausage on the end of a small knife, and began to eat. 
his normal eye was fixed upon the sausages, but the blue eye was still darting restlessly around in the blue eye socket, taking in the Hall and the students. 
“May I introduce our new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher?” said Dumbledore brightly into the silence. 
“Professor Moody.” It was usual for new staff members to be greeted with applause, but none of the staff or students clapped except Dumbledore and Hagrid, who both put their hands together and applauded, but the sound echoed dismally into the silence, and they stopped fairly quickly. 
Everyone else seemed too transfixed by Moody’s bizarre appearance to do more than stare at him. 
“Moody?” Harry muttered to Ron. 
“MacL-Eye Moody? 
“What happened to him?” Hermione whispered. 
“What happened to him's face?” “Dunno,” Ron whispered back, watching Moody with fascination. 
Moody seemed totally indifferent to Moody] less-than- warm welcome. 
Ignoring the jug of pumpkin juice in front of him, him reached again into him's traveling cloak, pulled out a hip flask, and took a long draught from a hip flask. 
As him lifted him's arm to drink, him's cloak was pulled a few inches from the ground, and Harry saw, below the table, several inches of carved wooden leg, ending in a clawed foot. 
Dumbledore cleared Dumbledore's throat. 
“As I was saying,” he said, smiling at the sea of students before he, all of whom were still gazing transfixed at Mad-Eye Moody, “we are to have the honor of hosting a very exciting event over the coming months, an event that has not been held for over a century. 
The tension that had filled the Hall ever since Moody’s arrival suddenly broke. 
Nearly everyone laughed, and Dumbledore chuckled appreciatively. 
“I am not joking, Arthur,” he said, “though now that you mention it, I did hear an excellent one over the summer about a troll, a hag, and a leprechaun who all go into a bar ” Professor McGonagall cleared her throat loudly. 
“Er — but maybe this is not the time no ” said Dumbledore, “where was I? 
But her anxiety did not seem to be shared by the majority of students in the Hall; many of them were whispering excitedly to one another, and Harry himself was far more interested in hearing about the tournament than in worrying about deaths that had happened hundreds of years ago. 
“There have been several attempts over the centuries to reinstate the tournament,” Dumbledore continued, “none of which has been very successful. 
Dumbledore was not the only person who seemed to be visualizing Dumbledore as the Hogwarts champion. 
At every House table, Harry could see people either gazing raptly at Dumbledore, or else whispering fervently to people's neighbors. 
But then Dumbledore spoke again, and the Hall quieted once more. 
“Eager though I know all of you will be to bring the Triwizard Cup to Hogwarts,” he said, “the heads of the participating schools, along with the Ministry of Magic, have agreed to impose an age restriction on contenders this year. 
“I therefore beg you not to waste your time submitting yourself if you are under seventeen. 
There was a great scraping and banging as all the students got to all the students's feet and swarmed toward the double doors into the entrance hall. 
“They can’t do that!” said George Weasley, who had not joined the crowd moving toward the door, but was standing up and glaring at Dumbledore. 
“We’re seventeen in April, why can’t We have a shot?” “They’re not stopping me entering,” said Fred stubbornly, also scowling at the top table. 
“The champions’ll get to do all sorts of stuff you’d never be allowed to do normally. 
“Yeah, a thousand Galleons ” “Come on,” said Hermione, “we’ll be the only ones left here if you don’t move.” Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, and George set off for the entrance hall, Fred and George debating the ways in which Dumbledore might stop those who were under seventeen from entering the tournament. 
“Who’s this impartial judge who’s going to decide who the champions are?” said Harry. 
“Dunno,” said Fred, “but it’s them we’ll have to fool. 
“Yeah, but he’s not the one who decides who the champion is, is the champion?” said Fred shrewdly. 
“Sounds to me like once this judge knows who wants to enter, this judge’ll choose the best from each school and never mind how old they are. 
“Yeah,” said Fred airily, “but that was years ago, wasn’t it? 
“Be cool to enter, wouldn’t it? 
“I expect my gran’d want me to try, though. 
There were many of these trick stairs at Hogwarts; it was second nature to most of the older students to jump this particular step, but Neville’s memory was notoriously poor. 
Harry and Ron seized him under the armpits and pulled him out, while a suit of armor at the top of the stairs creaked and clanked, laughing wheezily. 
“Shut it, you,” said Ron, banging down its visor as they passed. 
they made their way up to the entrance to Gryffindor Tower, which was concealed behind a large portrait of a fat lady in a pink silk dress. 
“Password?” she said as they approached. 
“Balderdash,” said George, “a prefect downstairs told me.” The portrait swung forward to reveal a hole in the wall through which they all climbed. 
A crackling fire warmed the circular common room, which was full of squashy armchairs and tables. 
Hermione cast the merrily dancing flames a dark look, and Harry distinctly heard Hermione's mutter “ Slave labor,” before bidding them good night and disappearing through the doorway to the girls’ dormitory. 
Harry, Ron, and Neville climbed up the last, spiral staircase until Harry, Ron, and Neville reached Harry, Ron, and Neville's own dormitory, which was situated at the top of the tower. 
Five four- poster beds with deep crimson hangings stood against the walls, each with its owner’s trunk at the foot. 
Dean and Seamus were already getting into bed; Seamus had pinned Seamus's Ireland rosette to his headboard, and Dean had tacked up a poster of Viktor Krum over Viktor Krum's bedside table. 
His old poster of the West Ham football team was pinned right next to His old poster of the West Ham football teamthe West Ham football team. 
“Mental,” Ron sighed, shaking his head at the completely stationary soccer players. 
Harry, Ron, and Neville got into their pajamas and into bed. 
Someone — a house-elf, no doubt — had placed warming pans between the sheets. 
It was extremely comfortable, lying there in bed and listening to the storm raging outside. 
“I might go in for it, you know,” Ron said sleepily through the darkness, “if Fred and George find out how to the tournament you never know, do you?” “S’pose not. 
He had hoodwinked the impartial judge into believing He was seventeen He had become Hogwarts champion He was standing on the grounds, He's arms raised in triumph in front of the whole school, all of whom were applauding and screaming He had just won the Triwizard Tournament. 
Cho’s face stood out particularly clearly in the blurred crowd, her face glowing with admiration. 
Harry grinned into Harry's pillow, exceptionally glad that Ron couldn’t see what Harry could. 
The storm had blown The storm out by the following morning, though the ceiling in the Great Hall was still gloomy; heavy clouds of pewter gray swirled overhead as Harry, Ron, and Hermione examined their new course schedules at breakfast. 
A few seats along, Fred, George, and Lee Jordan were discussing magical methods of aging A few seats along, Fred, George, and Lee Jordan and bluffing A few seats along, Fred, George, and Lee Jordan's way into the Triwizard Tournament. 
“Today’s not bad outside all morning,” said Ron, who was running his finger down the Monday column of his schedule. 
“Herbology with the Hufflepuffs and Care of Magical Creatures damn it, we’re still with the Slytherins. 
Divination was his least favorite subject, apart from Potions. 
Professor Trelawney kept predicting Harry’s death, which Harry found extremely annoying. 
“You should have given it up like me, shouldn’t you?” said Hermione briskly, buttering Hermione some toast. 
“Then you’d be doing something sensible like Arithmancy.” “You’re eating again, I notice,” said Ron, watching Hermione adding liberal amounts of jam to Hermione's toast too. 
“I’ve decided there are better ways of making a stand about elf rights,” said Hermione haughtily. 
“Yeah and you were hungry,” said Ron, grinning. 
There was a sudden rustling noise above them, and a hundred owls came soaring through the open windows carrying the morning mail. 
Instinctively, Harry looked up, but there was no sign of white among the mass of brown and gray. 
The owls circled the tables, looking for the people to whom The owls's letters and packages were addressed. 
A large tawny owl soared down to Neville Longbottom and deposited a parcel into Neville Longbottom's lap — Neville almost always forgot to pack something. 
On the other side of the Hall Draco Malfoy’s eagle owl had landed on his shoulder, carrying what looked like his usual supply of sweets and cakes from home. 
Trying to ignore the sinking feeling of disappointment in his stomach, Harry returned to Harry's porridge. 
Was it possible that something had happened to Hedwig, and that Sirius hadn’t even got his letter? 
his preoccupation lasted all the way across the sodden vegetable patch until they arrived in greenhouse three, but here his was distracted by Professor Sprout showing the class the ugliest plants Harry had ever seen. 
Indeed, they looked less like plants than thick, black, giant slugs, protruding vertically out of the soil. 
Each was squirming slightly and had a number of large, shiny swellings upon it, which appeared to be full of liquid. 
“Bubotubers,” Professor Sprout told them briskly. 
“them need squeezing. 
“Pus, Finnigan, pus,” said Professor Sprout, “and it’s extremely valuable, so don’t waste it. 
As each swelling was popped, a large amount of thick yellowish-green liquid burst forth, which smelled strongly of petrol. 
They caught it in the bottles as Professor Sprout had indicated, and by the end of the lesson had collected several pints. 
“This’ll keep Madam Pomfrey happy,” said Professor Sprout, stoppering the last bottle with a cork. 
“An excellent remedy for the more stubborn forms of acne, bubotuber pus. 
“She tried to curse hers off.” “Silly girl,” said Professor Sprout, shaking her head. 
“But Madam Pomfrey fixed her nose back on in the end.” A booming bell echoed from the castle across the wet grounds, signaling the end of the lesson, and the class separated; the Hufflepuffs climbing the stone steps for Transfiguration, and the Gryffindors heading in the other direction, down the sloping lawn toward Hagrid ’s small wooden cabin, which stood on the edge of the Forbidden Forest. 
Hagrid was standing outside his hut, one hand on the collar of his enormous black boarhound, Fang. 
There were several open wooden crates on the ground at his feet, and Fang was whimpering and straining at Fang's collar, apparently keen to investigate the contents more closely. 
As they drew nearer, an odd rattling noise reached their ears, punctuated by what sounded like minor explosions. 
“Mornin’!” Hagrid said, grinning at Harry, Ron, and Hermione. 
“Be’er wait fer the Slytherins, they won’ want ter miss this — Blast-Ended Skrewts!” “Come again?” said Ron. 
Hagrid pointed down into the crates. 
“Eurgh!” squealed Lavender Brown, jumping backward. 
“Eurgh” just about summed up the Blast-Ended Skrewts in Harry’s opinion. 
They looked like deformed, shell-less lobsters, horribly pale and slimy - looking, with legs sticking out in very odd places and no visible heads. 
There were about a hundred of them in each crate, each about six inches long, crawling over one another, bumping blindly into the sides of the boxes. 
They were giving off a very powerful smell of rotting fish. 
Every now and then, sparks would fly out of the end of a skrewt, and with a small phut, it would be propelled forward several inches. 
“On’y jus’ hatched,” said Hagrid proudly, “so yeh’ll be able ter raise ’em yerselves! 
The Slytherins had arrived. 
The speaker was Draco Malfoy. 
Crabbe and Goyle were chuckling appreciatively at his words. 
Hagrid looked stumped at the question. 
“I mean, what do they do?” asked Malfoy. 
“What is the point of they?” Hagrid opened his mouth, apparently thinking hard; there was a few seconds’ pause, then he said roughly, “Tha’s next lesson, Malfoy. 
Nothing but deep affection for Hagrid could have made Harry, Ron, and Hermione pick up squelchy handfuls of frog liver and lower them into the crates to tempt the Blast-Ended Skrewts. 
Harry couldn’t suppress the suspicion that the whole thing was entirely pointless, because the skrewts didn’t seem to have mouths. 
“Ouch\” yelled Dean Thomas after about ten minutes. 
“It got me!” Hagrid hurried over to him, looking anxious. 
“Its end exploded!” said Dean angrily, showing Hagrid a burn on his hand. 
“Ah, yeah, that can happen when they blast off,” said Hagrid, nodding. 
“Eurgh!” said Lavender Brown again. 
“Eurgh, Hagrid, what’s that pointy thing on it?” “Ah, some of ’em have got stings,” said Hagrid enthusiastically (Lavender quickly withdrew her hand from the box). 
“I reckon they’re the males. 
“Who wouldn’t want pets that can burn, sting, and bite all at once?” “Just because they’re not very pretty, it doesn’t mean they’re not useful,” Hermione snapped. 
“Dragon blood’s amazingly magical, but you wouldn’t want a dragon for a pet, would you?” Harry and Ron grinned at Hagrid, who gave them a furtive smile from behind his bushy beard. 
Hagrid would have liked nothing better than a pet dragon, as Harry, Ron, and Hermione knew only too well — he had owned one for a brief period during their first year, a vicious Norwegian Ridgeback by the name of Norbert. 
Hagrid simply loved monstrous creatures, the more lethal, the better. 
“Well, at least the skrewts are small,” said Ron as they made their way back up to the castle for lunch an hour later. 
“They are now,” said Hermione in an exasperated voice, “but once Hagrid’s found out what they eat, I expect they’ll be six feet long.” “Well, that won’t matter if they turn out to cure seasickness or something, will it?” said Ron, grinning slyly at her. 
“You know perfectly well I only said that to shut Malfoy up,” said Hermione. 
“As a matter of fact I think he’s right. 
Hermione began to eat so fast that Harry and Ron stared at her. 
“Er — is this the new stand on elf rights?” said Ron. 
“You’re going to make yourself puke instead?” “No,” said Hermione, with as much dignity as Hermione could muster with Hermione's mouth bulging with sprouts. 
“I just want to get to the library.” “What?” said Ron in disbelief. 
“Hermione — it’s the first day back! 
Then Hermione leapt to Hermione's feet, said, “See you at dinner!” and departed at high speed. 
When the bell rang to signal the start of afternoon lessons, Harry and Ron set off for North Tower where, at the top of a tightly spiraling staircase, a silver stepladder led to a circular trapdoor in the ceiling, and the room where Professor Trelawney lived. 
The familiar sweet perfume spreading from the fire met their nostrils as their emerged at the top of the stepladder. 
As ever, the curtains were all closed; the circular room was bathed in a dim reddish light cast by the many lamps, which were all draped with scarves and shawls. 
Harry and Ron walked through the mass of occupied chintz chairs and poufs that cluttered the room, and sat down at the same small circular table. 
“Good day,” said the misty voice of Professor Trelawney right behind Harry, making him jump. 
A very thin woman with enormous glasses that made her eyes appear far too large for her face, Professor Trelawney was peering down at Harry with the tragic expression Professor Trelawney always wore whenever Professor Trelawney saw Harry. 
The usual large amount of beads, chains, and bangles glittered upon her person in the firelight. 
“You are preoccupied, my dear,” she said mournfully to Harry. 
“My inner eye sees past your brave face to the troubled soul within. 
Ron rolled his eyes at Harry, who looked stonily back. 
Professor Trelawney swept past them and seated Professor Trelawney in a large winged armchair before the fire, facing the class. 
Lavender Brown and Parvati Patil, who deeply admired Professor Trelawney, were sitting on poufs very close to her. 
“My dears, it is time for us to consider the stars,” she said. 
“The movements of the planets and the mysterious portents they reveal only to those who understand the steps of the celestial dance. 
The perfumed fire always made him feel sleepy and dull-witted, and Professor Trelawney’s rambling talks on fortune- telling never held him exactly spellbound — though him couldn’t help thinking about what she had just said to him. 
“ ‘I fear the thing you dread will indeed come to pass ’ ” But Hermione was right, Harry thought irritably, Professor Trelawney really was an old fraud. 
Professor Trelawney wasn’t dreading anything at the moment at all well, unless you counted Professor Trelawney's fears that Sirius had been caught but what did Professor Trelawney know? 
He had long since come to the conclusion that her brand of fortune-telling was really no more than lucky guesswork and a spooky manner. 
Except, of course, for that time at the end of last term, when she had made the prediction about Voldemort rising again and Dumbledore himself had said that he thought that trance had been genuine, when Harry had described it to Harry. 
“Harry\” Ron muttered. 
“What?” Harry looked around; the whole class was staring at Harry. 
Harry sat up straight; Harry had been almost dozing off, lost in the heat and Harry's thoughts. 
“I was saying, my dear, that you were clearly born under the baleful influence of Saturn,” said Professor Trelawney, a faint note of resentment in her voice at the fact that he had obviously not been hanging on her words. 
“Born under — what, sorry?” said Harry. 
“Saturn, dear, the planet Saturn!” said Professor Trelawney, sounding definitely irritated that he wasn’t riveted by this news. 
“I was saying that Saturn was surely in a position of power in the heavens at the moment of your birth. 
Half an hour later, each of them had been given a complicated circular chart, and was attempting to fill in the position of the planets at them's moment of birth. 
It was dull work, requiring much consultation of timetables and calculation of angles. 
“I’ve got two Neptunes here,” said Harry after a while, frowning down at Harry's piece of parchment, “that can’t be right, can it?” “Aaaaah,” said Ron, imitating Professor Trelawney’s mystical whisper, “when two Neptunes appear in the sky, it is a sure sign that a midget in glasses is being born, Harry ” Seamus and Dean, who were working nearby, sniggered loudly, though not loudly enough to mask the excited squeals from Lavender Brown — “Oh Professor, look! 
“Can I have a look at Uranus too, Lavender?” said Ron. 
Most unfortunately, Professor Trelawney heard Professor Trelawney, and it was this, perhaps, that made her give them so much homework at the end of the class. 
“A detailed analysis of the way the planetary movements in the coming month will affect you, with reference to your personal chart,” she snapped, sounding much more like Professor McGonagall than shis usual airy-fairy self. 
“I want it ready to hand in next Monday, and no excuses!” “Miserable old bat,” said Ron bitterly as they joined the crowds descending the staircases back to the Great Hall and dinner. 
“Thatll take all weekend, that will. 
“Professor Vector didn’t give us any at all!” “Well, bully for Professor Vector,” said Ron moodily. 
They reached the entrance hall, which was packed with people queuing for dinner. 
They had just joined the end of the line, when a loud voice rang out behind They. 
“Weasley! 
Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were standing there, each looking thoroughly pleased about something. 
“What?” said Ron shortly. 
“Your dad’s in the paper, Weasley!” said Malfoy, brandishing a copy of the Daily Prophet and speaking very loudly, so that everyone in the packed entrance hall could hear. 
“Listen to this! 
“Imagine them not even getting his name right, Weasley. 
Everyone in the entrance hall was listening now. 
Malfoy straightened the paper with a flourish and read on: Arnold Weasley, who was charged with possession of a flying car two years ago, was yesterday involved in a tussle with several Muggle law-keepers (“policemen”) over a number of highly aggressive dustbins. 
Mister Weasley appears to have rushed to the aid of “Mad- Eye” Moody, the aged ex-Auror who retired from the Ministry when no longer able to tell the difference between a handshake and attempted murder. 
Unsurprisingly, Arthur found, upon arrival at Mister Moody ’s heavily guarded house, that Mister Moody had once again raised a false alarm. 
Arthur was forced to modify several memories before Arthur could escape from the policemen, but refused to answer Daily Prophet questions about why Arthur had involved the Ministry in such an undignified and potentially embarrassing scene. 
“And there’s a picture, Weasley!” said Malfoy, flipping the paper over and holding the paper up. 
“A picture of your parents outside their house — if you can call it a house! 
Everyone was staring at him. 
“Get stuffed, Malfoy,” said Harry. 
“C’mon, Ron. 
“So tell me, is his mother really that porky, or is it just the picture?” “You know your mother, Malfoy?” said Harry — both he and Hermione had grabbed the back of Ron’s robes to stop him from launching himself at Malfoy — “that expression she’s got, like she’s got dung under shis nose? 
“Don’t you dare insult my mother, Potter.” “Keep your fat mouth shut, then,” said Harry, turning away. 
Several people screamed — Harry felt something white-hot graze the side of Harry's face — Harry plunged Harry's hand into Harry's robes for his wand, but before his’d even touched it, Harry heard a second loud BANG, and a roar that echoed through the entrance hall. 
Harry spun around. 
Professor Moody was limping down the marble staircase. 
Professor Moody wand was out and His wand was pointing right at a pure white ferret, which was shivering on the stone-flagged floor, exactly where Malfoy had been standing. 
There was a terrified silence in the entrance hall. 
Nobody but Moody was moving a muscle. 
Moody turned to look at Harry — at least, Harry's normal eye was looking at Harry; the other one was pointing into the back of Harry's head. 
“Did he get you?” Moody growled. 
he voice was low and gravelly. 
“No,” said Harry, “missed.” “LEAVE IT!” Moody shouted. 
“Leave — what?” Harry said, bewildered. 
“Not you — him!” Moody growled, jerking his thumb over his shoulder at Crabbe, who had just frozen, about to pick up the white ferret. 
It seemed that Moody’s rolling eye was magical and could see out of the back of his head. 
Moody started to limp toward Crabbe, Goyle, and the ferret, which gave a terrified squeak and took off, streaking toward the dungeons. 
“I don’t think so!” roared Moody, pointing his wand at the ferret again — it flew ten feet into the air, fell with a smack to the floor, and then bounced upward once more. 
“I don’t like people who attack when their opponent’s back’s turned,” growled Moody as the ferret bounced higher and higher, squealing in pain. 
“Stinking, cowardly, scummy thing to do. 
“Never — do — that — again — ” said Moody, speaking each word as the ferret hit the stone floor and bounced upward again. 
“Moody!” said a shocked voice. 
Professor McGonagall was coming down the marble staircase with Professor McGonagall's arms full of books. 
“Hello, Professor McGonagall,” said Moody calmly, bouncing the ferret still higher. 
“What — what are you doing?” said Professor McGonagall, her eyes following the bouncing ferret’s progress through the air. 
“Teaching,” said Moody. 
“Teach — Moody, is that a student?” shrieked Professor McGonagall, the books spilling out of her arms. 
“Yep,” said Moody. 
“No!” cried Professor McGonagall, running down the stairs and pulling out her wand; a moment later, with a loud snapping noise, Draco Malfoy had reappeared, lying in a heap on the floor with Draco Malfoy's sleek blond hair all over his now brilliantly pink face. 
Draco Malfoy got to Draco Malfoy's feet, wincing. 
“Moody, we never use Transfiguration as a punishment!” said Professor McGonagall weakly. 
“Surely Professor Dumbledore told you that?” “Professor Dumbledore might’ve mentioned it, yeah,” said Moody, scratching Professor Dumbledore's chin unconcernedly, “but I thought a good sharp shock — ” “We give detentions, Moody! 
Malfoy, whose pale eyes were still watering with pain and humiliation, looked malevolently up at Moody and muttered something in which the words “my father” were distinguishable. 
“Oh yeah?” said Moody quietly, limping forward a few steps, the dull clunk of his wooden leg echoing around the hall. 
“Well, I know your father of old, boy. 
“Another old friend,” growled Moody. 
“I’ve been looking forward to a chat with old Snape. 
Professor McGonagall stared anxiously after them for a few moments, then waved Professor McGonagall's wand at Professor McGonagall's fallen books, causing them to soar up into the air and back into her arms. 
“Don’t talk to me,” Ron said quietly to Harry and Hermione as they sat down at the Gryffindor table a few minutes later, surrounded by excited talk on all sides about what had just happened. 
“Why not?” said Hermione in surprise. 
“Because I want to fix that in my memory forever,” said Ron, his eyes closed and an uplifted expression on his face. 
“Draco Malfoy, the amazing bouncing ferret ” Harry and Hermione both laughed, and Hermione began doling beef casserole onto each of their plates. 
“He could have really hurt Malfoy, though,” she said. 
“It was good, really, that Professor McGonagall stopped it — ” “Hermione!” said Ron furiously, his eyes snapping open again, “you’re ruining the best moment of my life!” Hermione made an impatient noise and began to eat at top speed again. 
“Don’t tell me you’re going back to the library this evening?” said Harry, watching her. 
“Got to,” said Hermione thickly. 
“Loads to do.” “But you told us Professor Vector — ” “It’s not schoolwork,” she said. 
Within five minutes, she had cleared shis plate and departed. 
No sooner had she gone than shis seat was taken by Fred Weasley. 
“Moody!” Moody! 
“How cool is he?” “Beyond cool,” said George, sitting down opposite Fred. 
“Supercool,” said the twins’ best friend, Lee Jordan, sliding into the seat beside George. 
“We had him this afternoon,” him told Harry and Ron. 
“What was it like?” said Harry eagerly. 
Fred, George, and Lee exchanged looks full of meaning. 
“Never had a lesson like it,” said Fred. 
“He knows, man,” said Lee. 
“Knows what?” said Ron, leaning forward. 
“Knows what it’s like to be out there doing it,” said George impressively. 
“Doing what?” said Harry. 
“Fighting the Dark Arts,” said Fred. 
“He’s seen it all,” said George. 
“ ’Mazing,” said Lee. 
Ron dived into his bag for his schedule. 
“We haven’t got him till Thursday!” him said in a disappointed voice. 
The next two days passed without great incident, unless you counted Neville melting his sixth cauldron in Potions. 
Professor Snape, who seemed to have attained new levels of vindictiveness over the summer, gave Neville detention, and Neville returned from it in a state of nervous collapse, having been made to disembowel a barrel full of horned toads. 
“You know why Snape ’s in such a foul mood, don’t you?” said Ron to Harry as they watched Hermione teaching Neville a Scouring Charm to remove the frog guts from under his fingernails. 
“Yeah,” said Harry. 
“Moody.” It was common knowledge that Snape really wanted the Dark Arts job, and Snape had now failed to get it for the fourth year running. 
Snape had disliked all of their previous Dark Arts teachers, and shown it — but Snape seemed strangely wary of displaying overt animosity to Mad-Eye Moody. 
Indeed, whenever Harry saw the two of them together — at mealtimes, or when they passed in the corridors — Harry had the distinct impression that Snape was avoiding Moody’s eye, whether magical or normal. 
“I reckon Snape’s a bit scared of Snape’s, you know,” Harry said thoughtfully. 
“Imagine if Moody turned Snape into a horned toad,” said Ron, his eyes misting over, “and bounced him all around him's dungeon. 
The only person missing was Hermione, who turned up just in time for the lesson. 
“Been in the — ” “Library.” Harry finished her sentence for her. 
“C’mon, quick, or we won’t get decent seats.” They hurried into three chairs right in front of the teacher’s desk, took out They's copies of The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection, and waited, unusually quiet. 
Soon they heard Moody’s distinctive clunking footsteps coming down the corridor, and he entered the room, looking as strange and frightening as ever. 
they could just see his clawed, wooden foot protruding from underneath his robes. 
“You can put those away,” he growled, stumping over to his desk and sitting down, “those books. 
Moody took out a register, shook Moody's long mane of grizzled gray hair out of Moody's twisted and scarred face, and began to call out names, Moody's normal eye moving steadily down the list while Moody's magical eye swiveled around, fixing upon each student as Moody or she answered. 
“Right then,” he said, when the last person had declared themselves present, “I’ve had a letter from Professor Lupin about this class. 
“But you’re behind — very behind — on dealing with curses,” said Moody. 
“So I’m here to bring you up to scratch on what wizards can do to each other. 
Moody’s magical eye spun around to stare at Ron; Ron looked extremely apprehensive, but after a moment Moody smiled — the first time Harry had seen him do so. 
The effect was to make him's heavily scarred face look more twisted and contorted than ever, but it was nevertheless good to know that him ever did anything as friendly as smile. 
Ron looked deeply relieved. 
“You’ll be Arthur Weasley’s son, eh?” Moody said. 
“Your father got me out of a very tight corner a few days ago. 
“So — straight into it. 
She had been showing Parvati her completed horoscope under the desk. 
Apparently Moody’s magical eye could see through solid wood, as well as out of the back of his head. 
“So do any of you know which curses are most heavily punished by wizarding law?” Several hands rose tentatively into the air, including Ron’s and Hermione’s. 
Moody pointed at Ron, though his magical eye was still fixed on Lavender. 
“Er,” said Ron tentatively, “my dad told me about one. 
“Your father would know that one. 
Three large black spiders were scuttling around inside it. 
Harry felt Ron recoil slightly next to Harry — Ron hated spiders. 
Moody reached into the jar, caught one of the spiders, and held it in the palm of his hand so that they could all see it. 
his then pointed his wand at it and muttered, “Imperio\” The spider leapt from Moody’s hand on a fine thread of silk and began to swing backward and forward as though on a trapeze. 
The spider stretched out The spider legs rigidly, then did a back flip, breaking the thread and landing on the desk, where it began to cartwheel in circles. 
Moody jerked his wand, and The spider rose onto two of the spider hind legs and went into what was unmistakably a tap dance. 
Everyone was laughing — everyone except Moody. 
“Think it’s funny, do you?” he growled. 
“You’d like it, would you, if I did it to you?” The laughter died away almost instantly. 
“Total control,” said Moody quietly as the spider balled itself up and began to roll over and over. 
“I could make it jump out of the window, drown itself, throw itself down one of your throats ” Ron gave an involuntary shudder. 
“Years back, there were a lot of witches and wizards being controlled by the Imperius Curse,” said Moody, and Harry knew Harry was talking about the days in which Voldemort had been all-powerful. 
“Some job for the Ministry, trying to sort out who was being forced to act, and who was acting of their own free will. 
Moody picked up the somersaulting spider and threw the somersaulting spider back into the jar. 
“Anyone else know one? 
The only class in which Neville usually volunteered information was Herbology, which was easily his best subject. 
Neville looked surprised at his own daring. 
“Yes?” said Moody, his magical eye rolling right over to fix on Neville. 
“There’s one — the Cruciatus Curse,” said Neville in a small but distinct voice. 
Moody was looking very intently at Neville, this time with both eyes. 
“Your name’s Longbottom?” he said, his magical eye swooping down to check the register again. 
Neville nodded nervously, but Moody made no further inquiries. 
Turning back to the class at large, Neville reached into the jar for the next spider and placed the next spider upon the desktop, where the next spider remained motionless, apparently too scared to move. 
“The Cruciatus Curse,” said Moody. 
“Needs to be a bit bigger for you to get the idea,” he said, pointing his wand at the spider. 
“Engorgio\” The spider swelled. 
It was now larger than a tarantula. 
Abandoning all pretense, Ron pushed his chair backward, as far away from Moody’s desk as possible. 
Moody raised his wand again, pointed it at the spider, and muttered, “CrucioV’ At once, the spider’s legs bent in upon its body; it rolled over and began to twitch horribly, rocking from side to side. 
Harry looked around at her. 
her was looking, not at the spider, but at Neville, and Harry, following her gaze, saw that Neville’s hands were clenched upon the desk in front of him, him's knuckles white, him's eyes wide and horrified. 
Moody raised his wand. 
The spider’s legs relaxed, but it continued to twitch. 
“Reducio,” Moody muttered, and the spider shrank back to its proper size. 
He put its back into the jar. 
“Pain,” said Moody softly. 
“You don’t need thumbscrews or knives to torture someone if you can perform the Cruciatus Curse. 
From the looks on everyone’s faces, he guessed they were all wondering what was going to happen to the last spider. 
Hermione’s hand shook slightly as, for the third time, she raised it into the air. 
“Yes?” said Moody, looking at her. 
“Avada Kedavra,” Hermione whispered. 
Several people looked uneasily around at her, including Ron. 
“Ah,” said Moody, another slight smile twisting his lopsided mouth. 
“Yes, the last and worst. 
It started to scuttle frantically across the wooden surface. 
Moody raised his wand, and Harry felt a sudden thrill of foreboding. 
“Avada Kedavral” Moody roared. 
There was a flash of blinding green light and a rushing sound, as though a vast, invisible something was soaring through the air — instantaneously the spider rolled over onto its back, unmarked, but unmistakably dead. 
Several of the students stifled cries; Ron had thrown himself backward and almost toppled off himself's seat as the spider skidded toward himself. 
Moody swept the dead spider off the desk onto the floor. 
“Not nice,” he said calmly. 
“Not pleasant. 
He could feel everyone else looking around at He too. 
Harry stared at the blank blackboard as though fascinated by it, but not really seeing it at all. 
So that was how his parents had died exactly like that spider. 
Had they been unblemished and unmarked too? 
Had they simply seen the flash of green light and heard the rush of speeding death, before life was wiped from their bodies? 
Harry had been picturing Harry's parents’ deaths over and over again for three years now, ever since Harry’d found out they had been murdered, ever since Harry’d found out what had happened that night: Wormtail had betrayed his parents’ whereabouts to Voldemort, who had come to find them at them's cottage. 
How Voldemort had killed Harry’s father first. 
How James Potter had tried to hold James Potter off, while James Potter shouted at James Potter's wife to take Harry and run Voldemort had advanced on Lily Potter, told her to move aside so that he could kill Harry how her had begged Harry to kill her instead, refused to stop shielding her son and so Voldemort had murdered her too, before turning his wand on Harry . 
Harry knew these details because Harry had heard Harry's parents’ voices when Harry had fought the dementors last year — for that was the terrible power of the dementors: to force their victims to relive the worst memories of their lives, and drown, powerless, in their own despair . 
Moody was speaking again, from a great distance, it seemed to Harry. 
With a massive effort, Harry pulled Harry back to the present and listened to what Moody was saying. 
“Avada Kedavra’s a curse that needs a powerful bit of magic behind it — you could all get your wands out now and point your wands at me and say the words, and I doubt I’d get so much as a nosebleed. 
“Now those three curses — Avada Kedavra, Imperius, and Cruciatus — are known as the Unforgivable Curses. 
No one spoke until the bell rang — but when Moody had dismissed them and them had left the classroom, a torrent of talk burst forth. 
Most people were discussing the curses in awed voices — “Did you see it twitch?” “ — and when he killed it — just like that!” They were talking about the lesson, Harry thought, as though it had been some sort of spectacular show, but Harry hadn’t found it very entertaining — and nor, it seemed, had Hermione. 
“Hurry up,” she said tensely to Harry and Ron. 
“Not the ruddy library again?” said Ron. 
“No,” said Hermione curtly, pointing up a side passage. 
“Neville.” Neville was standing alone, halfway up a side passage, staring at the stone wall opposite him with the same horrified, wide-eyed look him had worn when Moody had demonstrated the Cruciatus Curse. 
“Neville?” Hermione said gently. 
Neville looked around. 
“Oh hello,” Neville said, Neville's voice much higher than usual. 
“Interesting lesson, wasn’t it? 
“Oh yes, I’m fine,” Neville gabbled in the same unnaturally high voice. 
“Very interesting dinner — I mean lesson — what’s for eating?” Ron gave Harry a startled look. 
“Neville, what — ?” But an odd clunking noise sounded behind them, and them turned to see Professor Moody limping toward them. 
All four of them fell silent, watching him apprehensively, but when him spoke, it was in a much lower and gentler growl than them had yet heard. 
“It’s all right, sonny,” he said to Neville. 
“Why don’t you come up to my office? 
He neither moved nor spoke. 
Moody turned his magical eye upon Harry. 
“You all right, are you, Potter?” “Yes,” said Harry, almost defiantly. 
Moody’s blue eye quivered slightly in its socket as it surveyed Harry. 
Then Harry said, “You’ve got to know. 
“What was that about?” said Ron, watching Neville and Moody turn the corner. 
“I don’t know,” said Hermione, looking pensive. 
“Some lesson, though, eh?” said Ron to Harry as they set off for the Great Hall. 
“Fred and George were right, weren’t Fred and George? 
Hermione did not join in with Harry and Ron’s conversation during dinner, but ate furiously fast, and then left for the library again. 
Harry and Ron walked back to Gryffindor Tower, and Harry, who had been thinking of nothing else all through dinner, now raised the subject of the Unforgivable Curses himself. 
“Wouldn’t Moody and Dumbledore be in trouble with the Ministry if they knew we’d seen the curses?” Harry asked as they approached the Fat Lady. 
“Yeah, probably,” said Ron. 
“But Dumbledore’s always done things Dumbledore's way, hasn’t Dumbledore, and Moody’s been getting in trouble for years, I reckon. 
“Shall we get we Divination stuff, then?” said Harry. 
“I s’pose,” Ron groaned. 
They went up to the dormitory to fetch They's books and charts, to find Neville there alone, sitting on his bed, reading. 
his looked a good deal calmer than at the end of Moody’s lesson, though still not entirely normal. 
his eyes were rather red. 
“You all right, Neville?” Harry asked Harry. 
“Oh yes,” said Neville, “I’m fine, thanks. 
“Apparently, Professor Sprout told Professor Moody I’m really good at Herbology,” Neville said. 
There was a faint note of pride in his voice that Harry had rarely heard there before. 
“Harry thought I’d like this.” Telling Neville what Professor Sprout had said, Harry thought, had been a very tactful way of cheering Neville up, for Neville very rarely heard that Harry was good at anything. 
It was the sort of thing Professor Lupin would have done. 
Harry and Ron took their copies of Unfogging the Future back down to the common room, found a table, and set to work on their predictions for the coming month. 
An hour later, they had made very little progress, though their table was littered with bits of parchment bearing sums and symbols, and Harry’s brain was as fogged as though it had been filled with the fumes from Professor Trelawney’s fire. 
“I haven’t got a clue what this lot’s supposed to mean,” he said, staring down at a long list of calculations. 
“You know,” said Ron, whose hair was on end because of all the times he had run his fingers through it in frustration, “I think it’s back to the old Divination standby.” “What — make it up?” “Yeah,” said Ron, sweeping the jumble of scrawled notes off the table, dipping his pen into some ink, and starting to write. 
“Next Monday,” he said as he scribbled, “I am likely to develop a cough, owing to the unlucky conjunction of Mars and Jupiter.” he looked up at Harry. 
“You know her — just put in loads of misery, shell lap it up.” “Right,” said Harry, crumpling up Harry's first attempt and lobbing it over the heads of a group of chattering first years into the fire. 
“Okay on Monday, ! 
“Good one,” said Ron, copying it down. 
“Because of erm Mercury. 
Crookshanks wandered over to them, leapt lightly into an empty chair, and stared inscrutably at Harry, rather as Hermione might look if Hermione knew they weren’t doing Hermione knew they were's homework properly. 
Staring around the room, trying to think of a kind of misfortune he hadn’t yet used, Harry saw Fred and George sitting together against the opposite wall, heads together, quills out, poring over a single piece of parchment. 
It was most unusual to see Fred and George hidden away in a corner and working silently; Fred and George usually liked to be in the thick of things and the noisy center of attention. 
There was something secretive about the way they were working on the piece of parchment, and Harry was reminded of how they had sat together writing something back at the Burrow. 
Harry had thought then that it was another order form for Weasleys’ Wizard Wheezes, but it didn’t look like that this time; if it had been, they would surely have let Lee Jordan in on the joke. 
Harry wondered whether it had anything to do with entering the Triwizard Tournament. 
As Harry watched, George shook George's head at Fred, scratched out something with George's quill, and said, in a very quiet voice that nevertheless carried across the almost deserted room, “No — that sounds like we’re accusing him. 
Harry grinned and quickly returned to Harry's predictions — Harry didn’t want George to think Harry was eavesdropping. 
Shortly after that, the twins rolled up the twins's parchment, said good night, and went off to bed. 
Fred and George had been gone ten minutes or so when the portrait hole opened and Hermione climbed into the common room carrying a sheaf of parchment in one hand and a box whose contents rattled as she walked in the other. 
Crookshanks arched his back, purring. 
“Hello,” she said, “I’ve just finished!” “So have I!” said Ron triumphantly, throwing down his quill. 
Hermione sat down, laid the things Hermione was carrying in an empty armchair, and pulled Ron’s predictions toward Hermione. 
“Not going to have a very good month, are you?” she said sardonically as Crookshanks curled up in her lap. 
“Ah well, at least I’m forewarned,” Ron yawned. 
“You seem to be drowning twice,” said Hermione. 
“Oh am I?” said Ron, peering down at his predictions. 
“I’d better change one of them to getting trampled by a rampaging hippogriff.” “Don’t you think it’s a bit obvious you’ve made these up?” said Hermione. 
“How dare you!” said Ron, in mock outrage. 
“We’ve been working like house-elves here!” Hermione raised her eyebrows. 
“It’s just an expression,” said Ron hastily. 
Harry laid down Harry's quill too, having just finished predicting Harry's own death by decapitation. 
“What’s in the box?” What’s in the box? 
“Funny you should ask,” said Hermione, with a nasty look at Ron. 
She took off the lid and showed them the contents. 
Inside were about fifty badges, all of different colors, but all bearing the same letters: S.P.E.W. 
“ ‘Spew?” said Harry, picking up a badge and looking at it. 
“What’s this about?” “Not spew,” said Hermione impatiently. 
“It’s S-P-E-W Stands for the Society for the Promotion of Elfish Welfare.” “Never heard of it,” said Ron. 
“Well, of course you haven’t,” said Hermione briskly, “I’ve only just started it.” “Yeah?” said Ron in mild surprise. 
“How many members have you got?” “Well — if you two join — three,” said Hermione. 
“And you think we want to walk around wearing badges saying ‘spew,’ do you?” said Ron. 
“S-P-E-W!” said Hermione hotly. 
“I was going to put Stop the Outrageous Abuse of Our Fellow Magical Creatures and Campaign for a Change in Their Legal Status — but it wouldn’t fit. 
“I’ve been researching it thoroughly in the library. 
“They. 
“We start by recruiting members,” said Hermione happily. 
“I thought two Sickles to join — that buys a badge — and the proceeds can fund our leaflet campaign. 
The silence was broken, not by Ron, who in any case looked as though he was temporarily dumbstruck, but by a soft tap, tap on the window. 
Harry looked across the now empty common room and saw, illuminated by the moonlight, a snowy owl perched on the windowsill. 
“Hedwig!” Hedwig! 
Hedwig flew inside, soared across the room, and landed on the table on top of Harry’s predictions. 
“About time!” said Harry, hurrying after her. 
“She’s got an answer!” said Ron excitedly, pointing at the grubby piece of parchment tied to Hedwig’s leg. 
Harry hastily untied it and sat down to read, whereupon Hedwig fluttered onto Harry's knee, hooting softly. 
“What does it say?” Hermione asked breathlessly. 
The letter was very short, and looked as though The letter had been scrawled in a great hurry. 
Harry read it aloud: Harry — I’m flying north immediately. 
This news about your scar is the latest in a series of strange rumors that have reached me here. 
If it hurts again , go straight to Dumbledore — they’re saying he’s got Mad-Eye out of retirement, which means he’s reading the signs, even if no one else is. 
I’ll be in touch soon. 
My best to Ron and Hermione. 
Keep your eyes open, Harry. 
Sirius Harry looked up at Ron and Hermione, who stared back at Harry. 
“He’s flying north?” Hermione whispered. 
“HeHe’s coming back?” “Dumbledore’s reading what signs?” said Ron, looking perplexed. 
“Harry — what’s up?” For Harry had just hit Harry in the forehead with Harry's fist, jolting Hedwig out of Harry's lap. 
“I shouldn’t’ve told Harry!” Harry said furiously. 
“What are you on about?” said Ron in surprise. 
“It’s made him think him’s got to come back!” said Harry, now slamming Harry's fist on the table so that Hedwig landed on the back of Ron’s chair, hooting indignantly. 
“Coming back, because he thinks I’m in trouble! 
“Harry,” Hermione began, in a pacifying sort of voice. 
“I’m going to bed,” said Harry shortly. 
“See you in the morning.” Upstairs in the dormitory Harry pulled on Harry's pajamas and got into Harry's four-poster, but Harry didn’t feel remotely tired. 
If Sirius came back and got caught, it would be Harry, Harry’s, fault. 
Why hadn’t he kept his mouth shut? 
A few seconds’ pain and he’d had to blab. 
If he’d just had the sense to keep it to he . 
he heard Ron come up into the dormitory a short while later, but did not speak to he. 
For a long time, Harry lay staring up at the dark canopy of Harry's bed. 
The dormitory was completely silent, and, had Harry been less preoccupied, Harry would have realized that the absence of Neville’s usual snores meant that Harry was not the only one lying awake. 
Early next morning, Harry woke with a plan fully formed in Harry's mind, as though Harry's sleeping brain had been working on it all night. 
Harry got up, dressed in the pale dawn light, left the dormitory without waking Ron, and went back down to the deserted common room. 
Here Harry took a piece of parchment from the table upon which Harry's Divination homework still lay and wrote the following letter: Dear Sirius, I reckon I just imagined my scar hurting, I was half asleep when I wrote to Dear Sirius last time. 
There’s no point coming back, everything’s fine here. 
Don’t worry about me, my head feels completely normal. 
Harry He then climbed out of the portrait hole, up through the silent castle (held up only briefly by Peeves, who tried to overturn a large vase on He halfway along the fourth-floor corridor), finally arriving at the Owlery, which was situated at the top of West Tower. 
The Owlery was a circular stone room, rather cold and drafty, because none of the windows had glass in them. 
The floor was entirely covered in straw, owl droppings, and the regurgitated skeletons of mice and voles. 
Hundreds upon hundreds of owls of every breed imaginable were nestled here on perches that rose right up to the top of the tower, nearly all of them asleep, though here and there a round amber eye glared at Harry. 
Harry spotted Hedwig nestled between a barn owl and a tawny, and hurried over to her, sliding a little on the dropping-strewn floor. 
It took Harry a while to persuade her to wake up and then to look at Harry, as her kept shuffling around on her perch, showing Harry her tail. 
her was evidently still furious about his lack of gratitude the previous night. 
In the end, it was Harry suggesting her might be too tired, and that perhaps Harry would ask Ron to borrow Pigwidgeon, that made her stick out her leg and allow him to tie the letter to it. 
“Just find him, all right?” Harry said, stroking her back as Harry carried her on Harry's arm to one of the holes in the wall. 
“Before the dementors do.” She nipped his finger, perhaps rather harder than She would ordinarily have done, but hooted softly in a reassuring sort of way all the same. 
Then She spread Shis wings and took off into the sunrise. 
Harry watched Shis fly out of sight with the familiar feeling of unease back in Harry's stomach. 
Harry had been so sure that Sirius’s reply would alleviate Harry's worries rather than increasing them. 
“That was a lie, Harry,” said Hermione sharply over breakfast, when he told Hermione's and Ron what he had done. 
“You didn’t imagine your scar hurting and you know it.” “So what?” said Harry. 
“He’s not going back to Azkaban because of me.” “Drop it,” said Ron sharply to Hermione as she opened her mouth to argue some more, and for once, Hermione heeded him, and fell silent. 
Harry did Harry's best not to worry about Sirius over the next couple of weeks. 
True, Harry could not stop Harry from looking anxiously around every morning when the post owls arrived, nor, late at night before Harry went to sleep, prevent Harry from seeing horrible visions of Sirius, cornered by dementors down some dark London street, but betweentimes Harry tried to keep Harry's mind off Harry's godfather. 
He wished He still had Quidditch to distract He; nothing worked so well on a troubled mind as a good, hard training session. 
On the other hand, their lessons were becoming more difficult and demanding than ever before, particularly Moody’s Defense Against the Dark Arts. 
To their surprise, Professor Moody had announced that Professor Moody would be putting the Imperius Curse on each of them in turn, to demonstrate its power and to see whether them could resist its effects. 
“But — but you said it’s illegal, Professor,” said Hermione uncertainly as Moody cleared away the desks with a sweep of his wand, leaving a large clear space in the middle of the room. 
“You said — to use it against another human was — ” “Dumbledore wants you taught what it feels like,” said Moody, his magical eye swiveling onto Hermione and fixing Hermione's with an eerie, unblinking stare. 
“If you’d rather learn the hard way — when someone’s putting it on you so they can control you completely — fine by me. 
Hermione went very pink and muttered something about not meaning that Hermione wanted to leave. 
Harry and Ron grinned at each other. 
They knew Hermione would rather eat bubotuber pus than miss such an important lesson. 
Moody began to beckon students forward in turn and put the Imperius Curse upon students. 
Harry watched as, one by one, Harry's classmates did the most extraordinary things under its influence. 
Dean Thomas hopped three times around the room, singing the national anthem. 
Lavender Brown imitated a squirrel. 
Neville performed a series of quite astonishing gymnastics Neville would certainly not have been capable of in Neville's normal state. 
Not one of them seemed to be able to fight off the curse, and each of them recovered only when Moody had removed it. 
“Potter,” Moody growled, “you next.” Harry moved forward into the middle of the classroom, into the space that Moody had cleared of desks. 
Moody raised his wand, pointed it at Harry, and said, “Imperio\” It was the most wonderful feeling. 
Harry felt a floating sensation as every thought and worry in Harry's head was wiped gently away, leaving nothing but a vague, untraceable happiness. 
Harry stood there feeling immensely relaxed, only dimly aware of everyone watching Harry. 
And then Harry heard Mad-Eye Moody’s voice, echoing in some distant chamber of Harry's empty brain: Jump onto the desk jump onto the desk . 
Harry bent Harry's knees obediently, preparing to spring. 
Jump onto the desk. 
Why, though? 
Another voice had awoken in the back of his brain. 
Stupid thing to do, really, said Another voice. 
Jump onto the desk. 
No, I don’t think I will, thanks, said the other voice, a little more firmly no, I don’t really want to. 
Jump\ NOW The next thing Harry felt was considerable pain. 
Harry had both jumped and tried to prevent Harry from jumping — the result was that he’d smashed headlong into the desk, knocking it over, and, by the feeling in his legs, fractured both his kneecaps. 
“Now, that’s more like it!” growled Moody’s voice, and suddenly, Harry felt the empty, echoing feeling in Harry's head disappear. 
Harry remembered exactly what was happening, and the pain in Harry's knees seemed to double. 
“Look at that, you lot Potter fought! 
you lot Potter had had much more difficulty with the curse than Harry, though Moody assured you lot Potter the effects would wear off by lunch-time. 
“Talk about paranoid ” Ron glanced nervously over his shoulder to check that Moody was definitely out of earshot and went on. 
“No wonder they were glad to get shot of him at the Ministry. 
Professor McGonagall explained why, when the class gave a particularly loud groan at the amount of Transfiguration homework she had assigned. 
“You are now entering a most important phase of your magical education!” she told them, shis eyes glinting dangerously behind shis square spectacles. 
“Your Ordinary Wizarding Levels are drawing closer — ” “We don’t take O.W.L.s till fifth year!” said Dean Thomas indignantly. 
“Maybe not, Thomas, but believe me, you need all the preparation you can get! 
Harry and Ron were deeply amused when Professor Trelawney told them that them had received top marks for them's homework in them's next Divination class. 
She read out large portions of their predictions, commending them for them's unflinching acceptance of the horrors in store for them — but they were less amused when She asked they to do the same thing for the month after next; both of they were running out of ideas for catastrophes. 
Meanwhile Professor Binns, the ghost who taught History of Magic, had Professor Binns, the ghost who taught History of Magic writing weekly essays on the goblin rebellions of the eighteenth century. 
Professor Snape was forcing them to research antidotes. 
them took this one seriously, as he had hinted that he might be poisoning one of them before Christmas to see if them's antidote worked. 
Professor Flitwick had asked them to read three extra books in preparation for them's lesson on Summoning Charms. 
Even Hagrid was adding to their workload. 
The Blast- Ended Skrewts were growing at a remarkable pace given that nobody had yet discovered what they ate. 
Hagrid was delighted, and as part of their “project,” suggested that they come down to his hut on alternate evenings to observe the skrewts and make notes on their extraordinary behavior. 
“I will not,” said Draco Malfoy flatly when Hagrid had proposed this with the air of Father Christmas pulling an extra- large toy out of his sack. 
“I see enough of these foul things during lessons, thanks.” Hagrid ’s smile faded off his face. 
“Yeh’ll do wha’yer told,” he growled, “or I’ll be takin’ a leaf outta Professor Moody’s book. 
Malfoy flushed with anger, but apparently the memory of Moody’s punishment was still sufficiently painful to stop him from retorting. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione returned to the castle at the end of the lesson in high spirits; seeing Hagrid put down Malfoy was particularly satisfying, especially because Malfoy had done his very best to get Hagrid sacked the previous year. 
When they arrived in the entrance hall, they found they unable to proceed owing to the large crowd of students congregated there, all milling around a large sign that had been erected at the foot of the marble staircase. 
Ron, the tallest of the three, stood on tiptoe to see over the heads in front of them and read the sign aloud to the other two: The delegations from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang will be arriving at 6 o’clock on Friday the 30th of October. 
Lessons will end half an hour early — “Brilliant!” said Harry. 
“It’s Potions last thing on Friday! 
“Only a week away!” said Ernie Macmillan of Hufflepuff, emerging from the crowd, his eyes gleaming. 
“I wonder if Cedric knows? 
“Diggory,” said Harry. 
“He must be entering the tournament.” “That idiot, Hogwarts champion?” said Ron as they pushed their way through the chattering crowd toward the staircase. 
“He’s not an idiot. 
“I’ve heard He’s a really good student — and He’s a prefect.” She spoke as though this settled the matter. 
“You only like him because him’s handsome,” said Ron scathingly. 
“Excuse me, I don’t like people just because they’re handsome!” said Hermione indignantly. 
Ron gave a loud false cough, which sounded oddly like “Lockhart\” The appearance of the sign in the entrance hall had a marked effect upon the inhabitants of the castle. 
During the following week, there seemed to be only one topic of conversation, no matter where Harry went: the Triwizard Tournament. 
Rumors were flying from student to student like highly contagious germs: who was going to try for Hogwarts champion, what the tournament would involve, how the students from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang differed from the students from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang. 
Harry noticed too that the castle seemed to be undergoing an extra-thorough cleaning. 
Several grimy portraits had been scrubbed, much to the displeasure of Several grimy portraits's subjects, who sat huddled in Several grimy portraits's frames muttering darkly and wincing as Several grimy portraits felt Several grimy portraits's raw pink faces. 
The suits of armor were suddenly gleaming and moving without squeaking, and Argus Filch, the caretaker, was behaving so ferociously to any students who forgot to wipe their shoes that he terrified a pair of first-year girls into hysterics. 
Other members of the staff seemed oddly tense too. 
“Longbottom, kindly do not reveal that you can’t even perform a simple Switching Spell in front of anyone from Durmstrang!” Professor McGonagall barked at the end of one particularly difficult lesson, during which Neville had accidentally transplanted Neville's own ears onto a cactus. 
When they went down to breakfast on the morning of the thirtieth of October, they found that the Great Hall had been decorated overnight. 
Enormous silk banners hung from the walls, each of Enormous silk banners representing a Hogwarts House: red with a gold lion for Gryffindor, blue with a bronze eagle for Ravenclaw, yellow with a black badger for Hufflepuff, and green with a silver serpent for Slytherin. 
Behind the teachers’ table, the largest banner of all bore the Hogwarts coat of arms: lion, eagle, badger, and snake united around a large letter H. Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat down beside Fred and George at the Gryffindor table. 
Once again, and most unusually, they were sitting apart from everyone else and conversing in low voices. 
Ron led the way over to them. 
“It’s a bummer, all right,” George was saying gloomily to Fred. 
“But if he won’t talk to us in person, us’ll have to send person the letter after all. 
“Wish you would,” said Fred, looking irritated at the interruption. 
“What’s a bummer?” Ron asked George. 
“Having a nosy git like you for a brother,” said George. 
“You two got any ideas on the Triwizard Tournament yet?” Harry asked. 
“Thought any more about trying to enter?” “I asked McGonagall how the champions are chosen but McGonagall wasn’t telling,” said George bitterly. 
“She just told me to shut up and get on with transfiguring my raccoon.” “Wonder what the tasks are going to be?” said Ron thoughtfully. 
“You know, I bet we could do them, Harry. 
“McGonagall says the champions get awarded points according to how well they’ve done the tasks.” “Who are the judges?” Harry asked. 
“Well, the Heads of the participating schools are always on the panel,” said Hermione, and everyone looked around at Hermione, rather surprised, “because all three of them were injured during the Tournament of 1792, when a cockatrice the champions were supposed to be catching went on the rampage.” She noticed them all looking at Hermione's and said, with Hermione's usual air of impatience that nobody else had read all the books Hermione had, “It’s all in Hogwarts, A History. 
“ House-elves\” said Hermione, her eyes flashing. 
“Not once, in over a thousand pages, does Hogwarts, A History mention that we are all colluding in the oppression of a hundred slaves!” Harry shook Harry's head and applied Harry to Harry's scrambled eggs. 
His and Ron’s lack of enthusiasm had done nothing whatsoever to curb Hermione ’s determination to pursue justice for house-elves. 
True, both of them had paid two Sickles for a S.P.E.W. 
badge, but both of them had only done it to keep her quiet. 
Their Sickles had been wasted, however; if anything, Their Sickles seemed to have made Hermione more vociferous. 
Hermione had been badgering Harry and Ron ever since, first to wear the badges, then to persuade others to do the same, and Hermione had also taken to rattling around the Gryffindor common room every evening, cornering people and shaking the collecting tin under their noses. 
“You do realize that your sheets are changed, your fires lit, your classrooms cleaned, and your food cooked by a group of magical creatures who are unpaid and enslaved?” she kept saying fiercely. 
Some people, like Neville, had paid up just to stop Hermione from glowering at them. 
A few seemed mildly interested in what she had to say, but were reluctant to take a more active role in campaigning. 
Many regarded the whole thing as a joke. 
Ron now rolled his eyes at the ceiling, which was flooding them all in autumn sunlight, and Fred became extremely interested in Fred's bacon (both twins had refused to buy a S.P.E.W. 
badge). 
George, however, leaned in toward Hermione. 
“Listen, have you ever been down in the kitchens, Hermione?” “No, of course not,” said Hermione curtly, “I hardly think students are supposed to — ” “Well, we have,” said George, indicating Fred, “loads of times, to nick food. 
Harry looked up at once, and saw Hedwig soaring toward Harry. 
Hermione stopped talking abruptly; Hermione and Ron watched Hedwig anxiously as Hermione fluttered down onto Harry’s shoulder, folded Hermione's wings, and held out Hermione's leg wearily. 
Harry pulled off Sirius’s reply and offered Hedwig Harry's bacon rinds, which she ate gratefully. 
Then, checking that Fred and George were safely immersed in further discussions about the Tri-wizard Tournament, Harry read out Sirius’s letter in a whisper to Ron and Hermione. 
Nice try, Harry. 
I’m back in the country and well hidden. 
I want you to keep me posted on everything that’s going on at Hog warts. 
Don’t use Hedwig, keep changing owls, and don’t worry about me, just watch out for yourself. 
Don’t forget what I said about your scar. 
Sirius “Why d’you have to keep changing owls?” Ron asked in a low voice. 
“Hedwig’ll attract too much attention,” said Hermione at once. 
“Hermione stands out. 
He supposed that Sirius managing to get back without being caught was something. 
He couldn’t deny either that the idea that Sirius was much nearer was reassuring; at least He wouldn’t have to wait so long for a response every time He wrote. 
“Thanks, Hedwig,” He said, stroking her. 
her hooted sleepily, dipped her beak briefly into his goblet of orange juice, then took off again, clearly desperate for a good long sleep in the Owlery. 
There was a pleasant feeling of anticipation in the air that day. 
Nobody was very attentive in lessons, being much more interested in the arrival that evening of the people from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang; even Potions was more bearable than usual, as it was half an hour shorter. 
When the bell rang early, Harry, Ron, and Hermione hurried up to Gryffindor Tower, deposited their bags and books as they had been instructed, pulled on their cloaks, and rushed back downstairs into the entrance hall. 
The Heads of Houses were ordering The Heads of Houses's students into lines. 
“Weasley, straighten your hat,” Professor McGonagall snapped at Ron. 
“Miss Patil, take that ridiculous thing out of your hair.” Parvati scowled and removed a large ornamental butterfly from the end of Parvati's plait. 
“Follow me, please,” said Professor McGonagall. 
“First years in front no pushing. 
It was a cold, clear evening; dusk was falling and a pale, transparent-looking moon was already shining over the Forbidden Forest. 
Harry, standing between Ron and Hermione in the fourth row from the front, saw Dennis Creevey positively shivering with anticipation among the other first years. 
“Nearly six,” said Ron, checking his watch and then staring down the drive that led to the front gates. 
“How d’you reckon they’re coming? 
“How, then? 
“I don’t think so not from that far away. 
“Or they could Apparate — maybe you’re allowed to do it under seventeen wherever they come from?” “You can’t Apparate inside the Hogwarts grounds, how often do I have to tell you?” said Hermione impatiently. 
They scanned the darkening grounds excitedly, but nothing was moving; everything was still, silent, and quite as usual. 
Harry was starting to feel cold. 
Harry wished they’d hurry up. 
Maybe the foreign students were preparing a dramatic entrance. 
He remembered what Arthur had said back at the campsite before the Quidditch World Cup: “always the same — we can’t resist showing off when we get together. 
“There!” yelled a sixth year, pointing over the forest. 
Something large, much larger than a broomstick — or, indeed, a hundred broomsticks — was hurtling across the deep blue sky toward the castle, growing larger all the time. 
“It’s a dragon!” shrieked one of the first years, losing her head completely. 
“Don’t be stupid it’s a flying house!” said Dennis Creevey. 
Dennis’s guess was closer. 
As the gigantic black shape skimmed over the treetops of the Forbidden Forest and the lights shining from the castle windows hit it, they saw a gigantic, powder-blue, horse-drawn carriage, the size of a large house, soaring toward they, pulled through the air by a dozen winged horses, all palominos, and each the size of an elephant. 
The front three rows of students drew backward as the carriage hurtled ever lower, coming in to land at a tremendous speed — then, with an almighty crash that made Neville jump backward onto a Slytherin fifth year’s foot, the horses’ hooves, larger than dinner plates, hit the ground. 
A second later, the carriage landed too, bouncing upon its vast wheels, while the golden horses tossed the golden horses's enormous heads and rolled large, fiery red eyes. 
Harry just had time to see that the door of the carriage bore a coat of arms (two crossed, golden wands, each emitting three stars) before it opened. 
A boy in pale blue robes jumped down from the carriage, bent forward, fumbled for a moment with something on the carriage floor, and unfolded a set of golden steps. 
A boy in pale blue robes sprang back respectfully. 
Then Harry saw a shining, high-heeled black shoe emerging from the inside of the carriage — a shoe the size of a child’s sled — followed, almost immediately, by the largest woman Harry had ever seen in Harry's life. 
The size of the carriage, and of the horses, was immediately explained. 
A few people gasped. 
Harry had only ever seen one person as large as this woman in Harry's life, and that was Hagrid; Harry doubted whether there was an inch difference in their heights. 
Yet somehow — maybe simply because he was used to Hagrid — this woman (now at the foot of the steps, and looking around at the waiting, wide-eyed crowd) seemed even more unnaturally large. 
As she stepped into the light flooding from the entrance hall, she was revealed to have a handsome, olive-skinned face; large, black, liquid-looking eyes; and a rather beaky nose. 
she hair was drawn back in a shining knob at the base of shis neck. 
this woman was dressed from head to foot in black satin, and many magnificent opals gleamed at this woman's throat and on this woman's thick fingers. 
Dumbledore started to clap; the students, following Dumbledore's lead, broke into applause too, many of them standing on tiptoe, the better to look at this woman. 
this woman face relaxed into a gracious smile and this woman walked forward toward Dumbledore, extending a glittering hand. 
Dumbledore, though tall Dumbledore, had barely to bend to kiss it. 
“My dear Madame Maxime,” he said. 
“Welcome to Hogwarts.” “Dumbly-dorr,” said Madame Maxime in a deep voice. 
“I ’ope I find you well?” “In excellent form, I thank you,” said Dumbledore. 
“My pupils,” said Madame Maxime, waving one of her enormous hands carelessly behind her. 
Harry, whose attention had been focused completely upon Madame Maxime, now noticed that about a dozen boys and girls, all, by the look of them, in them's late teens, had emerged from the carriage and were now standing behind Madame Maxime. 
They were shivering, which was unsurprising, given that They's robes seemed to be made of fine silk, and none of They were wearing cloaks. 
A few had wrapped scarves and shawls around their heads. 
From what Harry could see of them (they were standing in Madame Maxime ’s enormous shadow), they were staring up at Hogwarts with apprehensive looks on their faces. 
“ ’As Karkaroff arrived yet?” Madame Maxime asked. 
“He should be here any moment,” said Dumbledore. 
“Would you like to wait here and greet He or would you prefer to step inside and warm up a trifle?” “Warm up, I think,” said Madame Maxime. 
“But ze ’orses — ” “Our Care of Magical Creatures teacher will be delighted to take care of them,” said Dumbledore, “the moment he has returned from dealing with a slight situation that has arisen with some of his other — er — charges.” “Skrewts,” Ron muttered to Harry, grinning. 
“My steeds require — er — forceful ’andling,” said Madame Maxime, looking as though she doubted whether any Care of Magical Creatures teacher at Hogwarts could be up to the job. 
“Zey are very strong. 
“Very well,” said Madame Maxime, bowing slightly. 
“Will you please inform zis ’Agrid zat ze ’orses drink only single-malt whiskey?” “It will be attended to,” said Dumbledore, also bowing. 
“Come,” said Madame Maxime imperiously to her students, and the Hogwarts crowd parted to allow her and her students to pass up the stone steps. 
“How big d’you reckon Durmstrang’s horses are going to be?” Seamus Finnigan said, leaning around Lavender and Parvati to address Harry and Ron. 
“Well, if they’re any bigger than this lot, even Hagrid won’t be able to handle them,” said Harry. 
“That’s if he hasn’t been attacked by his skrewts. 
“Oh don’t say that,” said Hermione with a shudder. 
“Imagine that lot loose on the grounds. 
Most people were gazing hopefully up at the sky. 
For a few minutes, the silence was broken only by Madame Maxime’s huge horses snorting and stamping. 
But then — “Can you hear something?” said Ron suddenly. 
Harry listened; a loud and oddly eerie noise was drifting toward them from out of the darkness: a muffled rumbling and sucking sound, as though an immense vacuum cleaner were moving along a riverbed. 
“The lake!” yelled Lee Jordan, pointing down at it. 
“Look at The lake!” From their position at the top of the lawns overlooking the grounds, they had a clear view of the smooth black surface of the water — except that the surface was suddenly not smooth at all. 
Some disturbance was taking place deep in the center; great bubbles were forming on the surface, waves were now washing over the muddy banks — and then, out in the very middle of the lake, a whirlpool appeared, as if a giant plug had just been pulled out of the lake’s floor. 
What seemed to be a long, black pole began to rise slowly out of the heart of the whirlpool and then Harry saw the rigging . 
“It’s a mast!” Harry said to Ron and Hermione. 
Slowly, magnificently, the ship rose out of the water, gleaming in the moonlight. 
It had a strangely skeletal look about It, as though It were a resurrected wreck, and the dim, misty lights shimmering at its portholes looked like ghostly eyes. 
Finally, with a great sloshing noise, the ship emerged entirely, bobbing on the turbulent water, and began to glide toward the bank. 
A few moments later, they heard the splash of an anchor being thrown down in the shallows, and the thud of a plank being lowered onto the bank. 
People were disembarking; People could see People's silhouettes passing the lights in the ship’s portholes. 
All of them, Harry noticed, seemed to be built along the lines of Crabbe and Goyle but then, as they drew nearer, walking up the lawns into the light streaming from the entrance hall, Harry saw that their bulk was really due to the fact that their were wearing cloaks of some kind of shaggy, matted fur. 
But the man who was leading them up to the castle was wearing furs of a different sort: sleek and silver, like the man who was leading them up to the castle's hair. 
“Dumbledore!” Dumbledore! 
“How are you, my dear fellow, how are you?” “Blooming, thank you, Professor Karkaroff,” Dumbledore replied. 
Karkaroff had a fruity, unctuous voice; when Karkaroff stepped into the light pouring from the front doors of the castle they saw that Karkaroff was tall and thin like Dumbledore, but Karkaroff's white hair was short, and Karkaroff's goatee (finishing in a small curl) did not entirely hide Karkaroff's rather weak chin. 
When he reached Dumbledore, he shook hands with both of his own. 
“Dear old Hogwarts,” he said, looking up at the castle and smiling; his teeth were rather yellow, and Harry noticed that Harry's smile did not extend to Harry's eyes, which remained cold and shrewd. 
“How good it is to be here, how good. 
As the boy passed, Harry caught a glimpse of a prominent curved nose and thick black eyebrows. 
Harry didn’t need the punch on the arm Ron gave him, or the hiss in his ear, to recognize that profile. 
“Harry — it’s Krum\” t'fyfflapier- l6 “I don’t believe it!” Ron said, in a stunned voice, as the Hogwarts students filed back up the steps behind the party from Durmstrang. 
“Krum, Harry! 
“Only a Quidditch player?” Ron said, looking at her as though he couldn’t believe his ears. 
“Hermione — he’s one of the best Seekers in the world! 
Several sixth-year girls were frantically searching Several sixth-year girls's pockets as Several sixth-year girls walked — “Oh I don’t believe it, I haven’t got a single quill on me “D’you think he’d sign my hat in lipstick?” “Really,” Hermione said loftily as they passed the girls, now squabbling over the lipstick. 
“I’m getting his autograph if I can,” said Ron. 
“You haven’t got a quill, have you, Harry?” “Nope, they’re upstairs in my bag,” said Harry. 
they walked over to the Gryffindor table and sat down. 
Ron took care to sit on the side facing the doorway, because Krum and Krum's fellow Durmstrang students were still gathered around it, apparently unsure about where fellow Durmstrang students should sit. 
The students from Beauxbatons had chosen seats at the Ravenclaw table. 
The students from Beauxbatons were looking around the Great Hall with glum expressions on The students from Beauxbatons's faces. 
Three of them were still clutching scarves and shawls around them's heads. 
“It’s not that cold,” said Hermione defensively. 
“Why didn’t they bring cloaks?” “Over here! 
“Over here! 
Viktor Krum and Viktor Krum's fellow Durmstrang students had settled fellow Durmstrang students at the Slytherin table. 
Harry could see Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle looking very smug about this. 
As he watched, Malfoy bent forward to speak to Krum. 
“Yeah, that’s right, smarm up to him, Malfoy,” said Ron scathingly. 
“I bet Krum can see right through him, though bet him gets people fawning over him all the time. 
“They look a lot happier than the Beauxbatons lot,” said Harry. 
The Durmstrang students were pulling off The Durmstrang students's heavy furs and looking up at the starry black ceiling with expressions of interest; a couple of The Durmstrang students were picking up the golden plates and goblets and examining a couple of them, apparently impressed. 
Up at the staff table, Filch, the caretaker, was adding chairs. 
He was wearing He's moldy old tailcoat in honor of the occasion. 
Harry was surprised to see that Harry added four chairs, two on either side of Dumbledore’s. 
“But there are only two extra people,” Harry said. 
“Why’s Filch putting out four chairs, who else is coming?” “Eh?” said Ron vaguely. 
He was still staring avidly at Krum. 
When all the students had entered the Hall and settled down at all the students's House tables, the staff entered, filing up to the top table and taking all the students's seats. 
Last in line were Professor Dumbledore, Professor Karkaroff, and Madame Maxime. 
When their headmistress appeared, the pupils from Beauxbatons leapt to their feet. 
A few of the Hogwarts students laughed. 
The Beauxbatons party appeared quite unembarrassed, however, and did not resume The Beauxbatons party's seats until Madame Maxime had sat down on Dumbledore ’s left-hand side. 
Dumbledore remained standing, and a silence fell over the Great Hall. 
“Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, ghosts and — most particularly — guests,” said Dumbledore, beaming around at the foreign students. 
“I have great pleasure in welcoming you all to Hogwarts. 
“No one’s making you stay!” Hermione whispered, bristling at her. 
“The tournament will be officially opened at the end of the feast,” said Dumbledore. 
“I now invite you all to eat, drink, and make yourselves at home!” He sat down, and Harry saw Karkaroff lean forward at once and engage He in conversation. 
The plates in front of them filled with food as usual. 
The house-elves in the kitchen seemed to have pulled out all the stops; there was a greater variety of dishes in front of them than Harry had ever seen, including several that were definitely foreign. 
“What’s that?” said Ron, pointing at a large dish of some sort of shellfish stew that stood beside a large steak-and-kidney pudding. 
“Bouillabaisse,” said Hermione. 
“Bless you,” said Ron. 
“It’s French,” said Hermione, “I had it on holiday summer before last. 
The Great Hall seemed somehow much more crowded than usual, even though there were barely twenty additional students there; perhaps it was because their differently colored uniforms stood out so clearly against the black of the Hogwarts’ robes. 
Now that they had removed their furs, the Durmstrang students were revealed to be wearing robes of a deep bloodred. 
Hagrid sidled into the Hall through a door behind the staff table twenty minutes after the start of the feast. 
He slid into his seat at the end and waved at Harry, Ron, and Hermione with a very heavily bandaged hand. 
“Skrewts doing all right, Hagrid?” Harry called. 
“Thrivin’,” Hagrid called back happily. 
“Yeah, I’ll just bet they are,” said Ron quietly. 
“Looks like they’ve finally found a food they like, doesn’t it? 
She had finally removed Shis muffler. 
A long sheet of silvery-blonde hair fell almost to Shis waist. 
She had large, deep blue eyes, and very white, even teeth. 
Ron went purple. 
He stared up at her, opened He's mouth to reply, but nothing came out except a faint gurgling noise. 
“Yeah, have it,” said Harry, pushing the dish toward the girl. 
“You ’ave finished wiz it?” “Yeah,” Ron said breathlessly. 
“Yeah, it was excellent.” The girl picked up the dish and carried the dish carefully off to the Ravenclaw table. 
Ron was still goggling at The girl as though he had never seen one before. 
Harry started to laugh. 
The sound seemed to jog Ron back to his senses. 
“She’s a veelcd” She’s a veelcd said hoarsely to Harry. 
“Of course she isn’t!” said Hermione tartly. 
“I don’t see anyone else gaping at shis like an idiot!” But she wasn’t entirely right about that. 
As the girl crossed the Hall, many boys’ heads turned, and some of them seemed to have become temporarily speechless, just like Ron. 
“I’m telling you, that’s not a normal girl!” said Ron, leaning sideways so he could keep a clear view of her. 
“They don’t make them like that at Hogwarts!” “They make them okay at Hogwarts,” said Harry without thinking. 
Cho happened to be sitting only a few places away from the girl with the silvery hair. 
“When you’ve both put your eyes back in,” said Hermione briskly, “you’ll be able to see who’s just arrived.” Hermione was pointing up at the staff table. 
The two remaining empty seats had just been filled. 
Ludo Bagman was now sitting on Professor Karkaroff’s other side, while Mister Crouch, Percy’s boss, was next to Madame Maxime. 
“What are they doing here?” said Harry in surprise. 
“They organized the Triwizard Tournament, didn’t They?” said Hermione. 
“I suppose they wanted to be here to see it start.” When the second course arrived they noticed a number of unfamiliar desserts too. 
Ron examined an odd sort of pale blancmange closely, then moved it carefully a few inches to his right, so that it would be clearly visible from the Ravenclaw table. 
The girl who looked like a veela appeared to have eaten enough, however, and did not come over to get The girl who looked like a veela. 
Once the golden plates had been wiped clean, Dumbledore stood up again. 
A pleasant sort of tension seemed to fill the Hall now. 
Harry felt a slight thrill of excitement, wondering what was coming. 
Several seats down from them, Fred and George were leaning forward, staring at Dumbledore with great concentration. 
“The moment has come,” said Dumbledore, smiling around at the sea of upturned faces. 
“The Triwizard Tournament is about to start. 
Ron shrugged. 
“ — just to clarify the procedure that we will be following this year. 
He acknowledged it with a jovial wave of He's hand. 
Bartemius Crouch did not smile or wave when Bartemius Crouch's name was announced. 
Remembering Bartemius Crouch in Bartemius Crouch's neat suit at the Quidditch World Cup, Harry thought Harry looked strange in wizard’s robes. 
Harry toothbrush mustache and severe parting looked very odd next to Dumbledore’s long white hair and beard. 
“Mister Bagman and Mister Crouch have worked tirelessly over the last few months on the arrangements for the Triwizard Tournament,” Dumbledore continued, “and they will be joining myself, Professor Karkaroff, and Madame Maxime on the panel that will judge the champions’ efforts.” At the mention of the word “champions,” the attentiveness of the listening students seemed to sharpen. 
Perhaps Dumbledore had noticed the listening students's sudden stillness, for Dumbledore smiled as Dumbledore said, “The casket, then, if you please, Mister Filch.” Filch, who had been lurking unnoticed in a far corner of the Hall, now approached Dumbledore carrying a great wooden chest encrusted with jewels. 
It looked extremely old. 
A murmur of excited interest rose from the watching students; Dennis Creevey actually stood on Dennis Creevey's chair to see it properly, but, being so tiny, Dennis Creevey's head hardly rose above anyone else’s. 
“The instructions for the tasks the champions will face this year have already been examined by Mister Crouch and Mister Bagman,” said Dumbledore as Filch placed the chest carefully on the table before him, “and they have made the necessary arrangements for each challenge. 
“As you know, three champions compete in the tournament,” Dumbledore went on calmly, “one from each of the participating schools. 
The lid creaked slowly open. 
Dumbledore reached inside it and pulled out a large, roughly hewn wooden cup. 
It would have been entirely unremarkable had it not been full to the brim with dancing blue-white flames. 
Dumbledore closed the casket and placed the goblet carefully on top of it, where it would be clearly visible to everyone in the Hall. 
“Anybody wishing to submit themselves as champion must write themselves's name and school clearly upon a slip of parchment and drop it into the goblet,” said Dumbledore. 
“Aspiring champions have twenty-four hours in which to put Aspiring champions's names forward. 
“Well, that should be fooled by an Aging Potion, shouldn’t it? 
“You’ll try and get in, won’t you, Harry?” Harry thought briefly of Dumbledore ’s insistence that nobody under seventeen should submit their name, but then the wonderful picture of himself winning the Triwizard Tournament filled himself's mind again. 
Harry wondered how angry Dumbledore would be if someone younger than seventeen did find a way to get over the Age Line. 
“Where is he?” said Ron, who wasn’t listening to a word of this conversation, but looking through the crowd to see what had become of Krum. 
“Dumbledore didn’t say where the Durmstrang people are sleeping, did Dumbledore?” But this query was answered almost instantly; they were level with the Slytherin table now, and Karkaroff had just bustled up to Dumbledore's students. 
“Back to the ship, then,” he was saying. 
“Viktor, how are you feeling? 
“Professor, I vood like some vine,” said one of the other Durmstrang boys hopefully. 
“I wasn’t offering it to you, Poliakoff,” snapped Karkaroff, his warmly paternal air vanishing in an instant. 
“I notice you have dribbled food all down the front of your robes again, disgusting boy — ” Karkaroff turned and led his students toward the doors, reaching them at exactly the same moment as Harry, Ron, and Hermione. 
Harry stopped to let Harry walk through first. 
“Thank you,” said Karkaroff carelessly, glancing at Harry. 
And then Karkaroff froze. 
He turned He's head back to Harry and stared at Harry as though He couldn’t believe He's eyes. 
Behind their headmaster, the students from Durmstrang came to a halt too. 
Karkaroff s eyes moved slowly up Harry’s face and fixed upon Harry's scar. 
The Durmstrang students were staring curiously at Harry too. 
Out of the corner of Harry's eye, Harry saw comprehension dawn on a few of their faces. 
The boy with food all down his front nudged the girl next to his and pointed openly at Harry’s forehead. 
“Yeah, that’s Harry Potter,” said a growling voice from behind them. 
Professor Karkaroff spun around. 
Mad-Eye Moody was standing there, leaning heavily on Professor Karkaroff's staff, Professor Karkaroff's magical eye glaring unblinkingly at the Durmstrang headmaster. 
The color drained from Karkaroff’s face as Harry watched. 
A terrible look of mingled fury and fear came over Harry. 
“You!” You! 
“Me,” said Moody grimly. 
“And unless you’ve got anything to say to Potter, Karkaroff, you might want to move. 
Without another word, Professor Karkaroff swept Professor Karkaroff's students away with Professor Karkaroff. 
Moody watched him until him was out of sight, him's magical eye fixed upon him's back, a look of intense dislike upon him's mutilated face. 
As the next day was Saturday, most students would normally have breakfasted late. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione, however, were not alone in rising much earlier than they usually did on weekends. 
When they went down into the entrance hall, they saw about twenty people milling around it, some of they eating toast, all examining the Goblet of Fire. 
It had been placed in the center of the hall on the stool that normally bore the Sorting Hat. 
A thin golden line had been traced on the floor, forming a circle ten feet around A thin golden line in every direction. 
“Anyone put Anyone's name in yet?” Ron asked a third- year girl eagerly. 
“All the Durmstrang lot,” she replied. 
“But I haven’t seen anyone from Hogwarts yet.” “Bet some of them put it in last night after we’d all gone to bed,” said Harry. 
“I would’ve if it had been me wouldn’t have wanted everyone watching. 
Turning, he saw Fred, George, and Lee Jordan hurrying down the staircase, all three of them looking extremely excited. 
“Done it,” Fred said in a triumphant whisper to Harry, Ron, and Hermione. 
“Just taken it.” “What?” said Ron. 
“The Aging Potion, dung brains,” said Fred. 
“One drop each,” said George, rubbing George's hands together with glee. 
“We only need to be a few months older.” “We’re going to split the thousand Galleons between the three of us if one of us wins,” said Lee, grinning broadly. 
“I’m not sure this is going to work, you know,” said Hermione warningly “I’m sure Dumbledore will have thought of this.” Fred, George, and Lee ignored her. 
“Ready?” Fred said to the other two, quivering with excitement. 
“C’mon, then — I’ll go first — ” Harry watched, fascinated, as Fred pulled a slip of parchment out of his pocket bearing the words Fred Weasley — Hog warts. 
Fred walked right up to the edge of the line and stood there, rocking on Fred's toes like a diver preparing for a fifty-foot drop. 
Then, with the eyes of every person in the entrance hall upon him, him took a great breath and stepped over the line. 
For a split second Harry thought it had worked — George certainly thought so, for George let out a yell of triumph and leapt after Fred — but next moment, there was a loud sizzling sound, and both twins were hurled out of the golden circle as though both twins had been thrown by an invisible shot-putter. 
both twins landed painfully, ten feet away on the cold stone floor, and to add insult to injury, there was a loud popping noise, and both of both twins sprouted identical long white beards. 
The entrance hall rang with laughter. 
Even Fred and George joined in, once Even Fred and George had gotten to Even Fred and George's feet and taken a good look at each other’s beards. 
“I did warn you,” said a deep, amused voice, and everyone turned to see Professor Dumbledore coming out of the Great Hall. 
Professor Dumbledore surveyed Fred and George, Professor Dumbledore's eyes twinkling. 
“I suggest you both go up to Madam Pomfrey. 
The decorations in the Great Hall had changed this morning. 
As it was Halloween, a cloud of live bats was fluttering around the enchanted ceiling, while hundreds of carved pumpkins leered from every corner. 
Harry led the way over to Dean and Seamus, who were discussing those Hogwarts students of seventeen or over who might be entering. 
“There’s a rumor going around that Warrington got up early and put his name in,” Dean told Harry. 
“That big bloke from Slytherin who looks like a sloth.” Harry, who had played Quidditch against Warrington, shook his head in disgust. 
“We can’t have a Slytherin champion!” “And all the Hufflepuffs are talking about Diggory,” said Seamus contemptuously. 
“But I wouldn’t have thought he’d have wanted to risk his good looks.” “Listen!” said Hermione suddenly. 
People were cheering out in the entrance hall. 
They all swiveled around in People's seats and saw Angelina Johnson coming into the Hall, grinning in an embarrassed sort of way. 
A tall black girl who played Chaser on the Gryffindor Quidditch team, Angelina came over to them, sat down, and said, “Well, I’ve done it! 
“Are you seventeen, then?” asked Harry. 
“ ’Course she is, can’t see a beard, can you?” said Ron. 
“I had my birthday last week,” said Angelina. 
“Well, I’m glad someone from Gryffindor’s entering,” said Hermione. 
“I really hope you get it, Angelina!” “Thanks, Hermione,” said Angelina, smiling at her. 
“Yeah, better you than Pretty-Boy Diggory,” said Seamus, causing several Hufflepuffs passing their table to scowl heavily at him. 
“What’re we going to do today, then?” Ron asked Harry and Hermione when Harry and Hermione had finished breakfast and were leaving the Great Hall. 
“We haven’t been down to visit Hagrid yet,” said Harry. 
“Okay,” said Ron, “just as long as he doesn’t ask us to donate a few fingers to the skrewts.” A look of great excitement suddenly dawned on Hermione ’s face. 
“I’ve just realized — I haven’t asked Hagrid to join S.P.E.W. 
“Wait for me, will you, while I nip upstairs and get the badges?” “What is it with her?” said Ron, exasperated, as Hermione ran away up the marble staircase. 
“Hey, Ron,” said Harry suddenly. 
“It’s your friend ” The students from Beauxbatons were coming through the front doors from the grounds, among them, the veela-girl. 
Those gathered around the Goblet of Fire stood back to let them pass, watching eagerly. 
Madame Maxime entered the hall behind Madame Maxime's students and organized them into a line. 
One by one, the Beauxbatons students stepped across the Age Line and dropped the Beauxbatons students's slips of parchment into the blue- white flames. 
As each name entered the fire, it turned briefly red and emitted sparks. 
“What d’you reckon’ll happen to the ones who aren’t chosen?” Ron muttered to Harry as the veela-girl dropped her parchment into the Goblet of Fire. 
“Reckon they’ll go back to school, or hang around to watch the tournament?” “Dunno,” said Harry. 
“Hang around, I suppose. 
“Where are they sleeping, then?” said Ron, moving toward the front doors and staring after them. 
A loud rattling noise behind them announced Hermione’s reappearance with the box of S.P.E.W. 
badges. 
“Oh good, hurry up,” said Ron, and he jumped down the stone steps, keeping his eyes on the back of the veela-girl, who was now halfway across the lawn with Madame Maxime. 
As they neared Hagrid’s cabin on the edge of the Forbidden Forest, the mystery of the Beauxbatons’ sleeping quarters was solved. 
The gigantic powder- blue carriage in which they had arrived had been parked two hundred yards from Hagrid’s front door, and the students were climbing back inside The gigantic powder- blue carriage in which they had arrived. 
The elephantine flying horses that had pulled the carriage were now grazing in a makeshift paddock alongside the carriage. 
Harry knocked on Hagrid’s door, and Fang’s booming barks answered instantly “ ’Bout time!” said Hagrid, when he’d flung open the door. 
“Thought you lot’d forgotten where I live!” “We’ve been really busy, Hag — ” Hermione started to say, but then Hermione stopped dead, looking up at Hagrid, apparently lost for words. 
Hagrid was wearing his best (and very horrible) hairy brown suit, plus a checked yellow-and-orange tie. 
This wasn’t the worst of it, though; he had evidently tried to tame his hair, using large quantities of what appeared to be axle grease. 
It was now slicked down into two bunches — perhaps he had tried a ponytail like Bill’s, but found he had too much hair. 
The look didn’t really suit Hagrid at all. 
For a moment, Hermione goggled at him, then, obviously deciding not to comment, Hermione said, “Erm — where are the skrewts?” “Out by the pumpkin patch,” said Hagrid happily. 
“They’re gettin’ massive, mus’ be nearly three foot long now. 
“Yeah,” said Hagrid sadly. 
“ ’S’ okay, though, I’ve got ’em in separate boxes now. 
Hagrid missed the sarcasm. 
Hagrid’s cabin comprised a single room, in one corner of which was a gigantic bed covered in a patchwork quilt. 
A similarly enormous wooden table and chairs stood in front of the fire beneath the quantity of cured hams and dead birds hanging from the ceiling. 
They sat down at the table while Hagrid started to make tea, and were soon immersed in yet more discussion of the Triwizard Tournament. 
Hagrid seemed quite as excited about it as they were. 
“You wait,” he said, grinning. 
“You jus’ wait. 
“I don’ want ter spoil it fer yeh,” said Hagrid. 
“But it’s gonna be spectacular, I’ll tell yeh that. 
However, they enjoyed they trying to make Hagrid tell they what the tasks in the tournament were going to be, speculating which of the entrants were likely to be selected as champions, and wondering whether Fred and George were beardless yet. 
A light rain had started to fall by midafternoon; it was very cozy sitting by the fire, listening to the gentle patter of the drops on the window, watching Hagrid darning his socks and arguing with Hermione about house-elves — for he flatly refused to join S.P.E.W. 
when she showed him shis badges. 
“It’d be doin’ ’em an unkindness, Hermione,” he said gravely, threading a massive bone needle with thick yellow yarn. 
“It’s in their nature ter look after humans, that’s what they like, see? 
“And we heard he’s asking for wages now!” “Yeah, well, yeh get weirdos in every breed. 
By half past five it was growing dark, and Ron, Harry, and Hermione decided it was time to get back up to the castle for the Halloween feast — and, more important, the announcement of the school champions. 
“I’ll come with yeh,” said Hagrid, putting away his darning. 
“Jus’ give us a sec.” Hagrid got up, went across to the chest of drawers beside his bed, and began searching for something inside it. 
They didn’t pay too much attention until a truly horrible smell reached They's nostrils. 
Coughing, Ron said, “Hagrid, what’s that?” “Eh?” said Hagrid, turning around with a large bottle in his hand. 
“Don’ yeh like it?” “Is that aftershave?” said Hermione in a slightly choked voice. 
“Er — eau de cologne,” Hagrid muttered. 
He was blushing. 
“Maybe it’s a bit much,” He said gruffly. 
“I’ll go take it off, hang on He stumped out of the cabin, and they saw He washing He vigorously in the water barrel outside the window. 
“Hagrid?” “And what’s with the hair and the suit?” said Harry in an undertone. 
“Look!” said Ron suddenly, pointing out of the window. 
Hagrid had just straightened up and turned ’round. 
If he had been blushing before, it was nothing to what he was doing now. 
Getting to their feet very cautiously, so that Hagrid wouldn’t spot them, Harry, Ron, and Hermione peered through the window and saw that Madame Maxime and the Beauxbatons students had just emerged from the Beauxbatons students's carriage, clearly about to set off for the feast too. 
They couldn’t hear what Hagrid was saying, but he was talking to Madame Maxime with a rapt, misty-eyed expression Harry had only ever seen Harry wear once before — when Harry had been looking at the baby dragon, Norbert. 
“Harry’s going up to the castle with her!” said Hermione indignantly. 
“I thought Harry was waiting for us!” Without so much as a backward glance at Harry's cabin, Hagrid was trudging off up the grounds with Madame Maxime, the Beauxbatons students following in their wake, jogging to keep up with their enormous strides. 
“He fancies her!” said Ron incredulously. 
“Well, if they end up having children, they’ll be setting a world record — bet any baby of they would weigh about a ton.” They let They out of the cabin and shut the door behind They. 
It was surprisingly dark outside. 
Drawing their cloaks more closely around their, their set off up the sloping lawns. 
“Ooh it’s them, look!” Hermione whispered. 
The Durmstrang party was walking up toward the castle from the lake. 
Viktor Krum was walking side by side with Karkaroff, and the other Durmstrang students were straggling along behind them. 
Ron watched Viktor Krum excitedly, but Viktor Krum did not look around as Viktor Krum reached the front doors a little ahead of Hermione, Ron, and Harry and proceeded through them. 
When they entered the candlelit Great Hall it was almost full. 
The Goblet of Fire had been moved; The Goblet of Fire was now standing in front of Dumbledore ’s empty chair at the teachers’ table. 
Fred and George — clean-shaven again — seemed to have taken Fred and George — clean-shaven again's disappointment fairly well. 
“Hope it’s Angelina,” said Fred as Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat down. 
“So do I!” said Hermione breathlessly. 
“Well, we’ll soon know!” The Halloween feast seemed to take much longer than usual. 
Perhaps because it was their second feast in two days, Harry didn’t seem to fancy the extravagantly prepared food as much as Harry would have normally. 
Like everyone else in the Hall, judging by the constantly craning necks, the impatient expressions on every face, the fidgeting, and the standing up to see whether Dumbledore had finished eating yet, Harry simply wanted the plates to clear, and to hear who had been selected as champions. 
At long last, the plates returned to their original spotless state; there was a sharp upswing in the level of noise within the Hall, which died away almost instantly as Dumbledore got to Dumbledore's feet. 
On either side of him, Professor Karkaroff and Madame Maxime looked as tense and expectant as anyone. 
Ludo Bagman was beaming and winking at various students. 
Mister Crouch, however, looked quite uninterested, almost bored. 
“Well, the goblet is almost ready to make the goblet decision,” said Dumbledore. 
“I estimate that it requires one more minute. 
The Goblet of Fire now shone more brightly than anything in the whole Hall, the sparkling bright, bluey-whiteness of the flames almost painful on the eyes. 
Everyone watched, waiting. 
A few people kept checking A few people's watches. 
“Any second,” Lee Jordan whispered, two seats away from Harry. 
The flames inside the goblet turned suddenly red again. 
Sparks began to fly from it. 
Next moment, a tongue of flame shot into the air, a charred piece of parchment fluttered out of it — the whole room gasped. 
Dumbledore caught the piece of parchment and held the piece of parchment at arm’s length, so that Dumbledore could read it by the light of the flames, which had turned back to blue-white. 
“The champion for Durmstrang,” he read, in a strong, clear voice, “will be Viktor Krum.” “No surprises there!” yelled Ron as a storm of applause and cheering swept the Hall. 
Harry saw Viktor Krum rise from the Slytherin table and slouch up toward Dumbledore; Harry turned right, walked along the staff table, and disappeared through the door into the next chamber. 
“Bravo, Viktor!” boomed Karkaroff, so loudly that everyone could hear him, even over all the applause. 
“Knew you had it in you!” The clapping and chatting died down. 
Now everyone’s attention was focused again on the goblet, which, seconds later, turned red once more. 
A second piece of parchment shot out of A second piece of parchment, propelled by the flames. 
“The champion for Beauxbatons,” said Dumbledore, “is Fleur Delacour!” “It’s her, Ron!” Harry shouted as the girl who so resembled a veela got gracefully to her feet, shook back her sheet of silvery blonde hair, and swept up between the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff tables. 
“Oh look, they’re all disappointed,” Hermione said over the noise, nodding toward the remainder of the Beauxbatons party. 
“Disappointed” was a bit of an understatement, Harry thought. 
Two of the girls who had not been selected had dissolved into tears and were sobbing with their heads on their arms. 
When Fleur Delacour too had vanished into the side chamber, silence fell again, but this time it was a silence so stiff with excitement you could almost taste it. 
The Hogwarts champion next And the Goblet of Fire turned red once more; sparks showered out of it; the tongue of flame shot high into the air, and from its tip Dumbledore pulled the third piece of parchment. 
“The Hogwarts champion,” he called, “is Cedric Diggory!” “No!” said Ron loudly, but nobody heard him except Harry; the uproar from the next table was too great. 
Every single Hufflepuff had jumped to his or her feet, screaming and stamping, as Cedric made his way past them, grinning broadly, and headed off toward the chamber behind the teachers’ table. 
Indeed, the applause for Cedric went on so long that it was some time before Dumbledore could make Dumbledore heard again. 
“Excellent!” Dumbledore called happily as at last the tumult died down. 
“Well, we now have we three champions. 
The fire in the goblet had just turned red again. 
Sparks were flying out of it. 
A long flame shot suddenly into the air, and borne upon it was another piece of parchment. 
Automatically, it seemed, Dumbledore reached out a long hand and seized the parchment. 
Dumbledore held the parchment out and stared at the name written upon the parchment. 
There was a long pause, during which Dumbledore stared at the slip in Dumbledore's hands, and everyone in the room stared at Dumbledore. 
And then Dumbledore cleared Dumbledore's throat and read out — “ Harry Potter.” Harry sat there, aware that every head in the Great Hall had turned to look at Harry. 
Harry was stunned. 
Harry felt numb. 
Harry was surely dreaming. 
Harry had not heard correctly. 
There was no applause. 
A buzzing, as though of angry bees, was starting to fill the Hall; some students were standing up to get a better look at Harry as Harry sat, frozen, in Harry's seat. 
Up at the top table, Professor McGonagall had got to Professor McGonagall's feet and swept past Ludo Bagman and Professor Karkaroff to whisper urgently to Professor Dumbledore, who bent his ear toward her, frowning slightly. 
Harry turned to Ron and Hermione; beyond them, Harry saw the long Gryffindor table all watching Harry, openmouthed. 
“I didn’t put my name in,” Harry said blankly. 
“You know I didn’t.” Both of them stared just as blankly back. 
At the top table, Professor Dumbledore had straightened up, nodding to Professor McGonagall. 
“Harry Potter!” he called again. 
“Harry! 
Harry got to Harry's feet, trod on the hem of Harry's robes, and stumbled slightly. 
Harry set off up the gap between the Gryffindor and Hufflepuff tables. 
It felt like an immensely long walk; the top table didn’t seem to be getting any nearer at all, and Harry could feel hundreds and hundreds of eyes upon Harry, as though each were a searchlight. 
The buzzing grew louder and louder. 
After what seemed like an hour, he was right in front of Dumbledore, feeling the stares of all the teachers upon he. 
“Well through the door, Harry,” said Dumbledore. 
Dumbledore wasn’t smiling. 
Harry moved off along the teachers’ table. 
Hagrid was seated right at the end. 
He did not wink at Harry, or wave, or give any of He's usual signs of greeting. 
He looked completely astonished and stared at Harry as He passed like everyone else. 
Harry went through the door out of the Great Hall and found Harry in a smaller room, lined with paintings of witches and wizards. 
A handsome fire was roaring in the fireplace opposite Harry. 
The faces in the portraits turned to look at Harry as Harry entered. 
He saw a wizened witch flit out of the frame of her picture and into the one next to it, which contained a wizard with a walrus mustache. 
a wizened witch started whispering in his ear. 
Viktor Krum, Cedric Diggory, and Fleur Delacour were grouped around the fire. 
Viktor Krum, Cedric Diggory, and Fleur Delacour looked strangely impressive, silhouetted against the flames. 
Krum, hunched-up and brooding, was leaning against the mantelpiece, slightly apart from the other two. 
Cedric was standing with Cedric's hands behind Cedric's back, staring into the fire. 
Fleur Delacour looked around when Harry walked in and threw back Fleur Delacour's sheet of long, silvery hair. 
“What is it?” she said. 
“Do zey want us back in ze Hall?” She thought he had come to deliver a message. 
Harry didn’t know how to explain what had just happened. 
Harry just stood there, looking at the three champions. 
It struck Harry how very tall all of them were. 
There was a sound of scurrying feet behind him, and Ludo Bagman entered the room. 
He took Harry by the arm and led Harry forward. 
“Extraordinary!” he muttered, squeezing Harry’s arm. 
“Absolutely extraordinary! 
“May I introduce — incredible though it may seem — the fourth Triwizard champion?” Viktor Krum straightened up. 
Viktor Krum surly face darkened as Viktor Krum surveyed Harry. 
Cedric looked nonplussed. 
Cedric looked from Bagman to Harry and back again as though sure Harry must have misheard what Bagman had said. 
Fleur Delacour, however, tossed her hair, smiling, and said, “Oh, vairy funny joke, Meester Bagman.” “Joke?” Bagman repeated, bewildered. 
“No, no, not at all! 
Cedric was still looking politely bewildered. 
Fleur frowned. 
“But evidently zair ’as been a mistake,” she said contemptuously to Bagman. 
“ ’E cannot compete. 
“But, as you know, the age restriction was only imposed this year as an extra safety measure. 
Harry heard the buzzing of the hundreds of students on the other side of the wall, before Professor McGonagall closed the door. 
“Madame Maxime!” said Fleur at once, striding over to Fleur's headmistress. 
“Zey are saying zat zis little boy is to compete also!” Somewhere under Harry’s numb disbelief Harry felt a ripple of anger. 
Little boy ? 
Madame Maxime had drawn Madame Maxime up to Madame Maxime's full, and considerable, height. 
The top of her handsome head brushed the candle-filled chandelier, and her gigantic black-satin bosom swelled. 
“What is ze meaning of zis, Dumbly-dorr?” she said imperiously. 
“I’d rather like to know that myself, Dumbledore,” said Professor Karkaroff. 
Professor Karkaroff was wearing a steely smile, and Professor Karkaroff's blue eyes were like chips of ice. 
“Two Hogwarts champions? 
“C’est impossible,” said Madame Maxime, whose enormous hand with its many superb opals was resting upon Fleur’s shoulder. 
“ ’Ogwarts cannot ’ave two champions. 
“Otherwise, we would, of course, have brought along a wider selection of candidates from our own schools.” “It’s no one’s fault but Potter’s, Karkaroff,” said Snape softly. 
Snape black eyes were alight with malice. 
“Don’t go blaming Dumbledore for Potter’s determination to break rules. 
Dumbledore was now looking down at Harry, who looked right back at Professor Dumbledore, trying to discern the expression of the eyes behind the half-moon spectacles. 
“Did you put your name into the Goblet of Fire, Harry?” Harry? 
“No,” said Harry. 
Harry was very aware of everybody watching Harry closely. 
Snape made a soft noise of impatient disbelief in the shadows. 
“Did you ask an older student to put it into the Goblet of Fire for you?” said Professor Dumbledore, ignoring Snape. 
“No,” said Harry vehemently. 
“Ah, but of course ’e is lying!” cried Madame Maxime. 
Snape was now shaking Snape's head, Snape's lip curling. 
“Snape could not have crossed the Age Line,” said Professor McGonagall sharply. 
“I am sure we are all agreed on that — ” “Dumbly-dorr must ’ave made a mistake wiz ze line,” said Madame Maxime, shrugging. 
“It is possible, of course,” said Dumbledore politely “Dumbledore, you know perfectly well you did not make a mistake!” said Professor McGonagall angrily. 
“Really, what nonsense! 
“Mister Crouch Mister Bagman,” said Karkaroff, his voice unctuous once more, “you are our — er — objective judges. 
He looked slightly eerie, the half darkness making He look much older, giving He an almost skull-like appearance. 
When He spoke, however, it was in He's usual curt voice. 
“We must follow the rules, and the rules state clearly that those people whose names come out of the Goblet of Fire are bound to compete in the tournament.” “Well, Barty knows the rule book back to front,” said Bagman, beaming and turning back to Karkaroff and Madame Maxime, as though the matter was now closed. 
“I insist upon resubmitting the names of the rest of my students,” said Karkaroff. 
He had dropped He's unctuous tone and He's smile now. 
He face wore a very ugly look indeed. 
“You will set up the Goblet of Fire once more, and we will continue adding names until each school has two champions. 
“the Goblet of Fire’s just gone out — it won’t reignite until the start of the next tournament — ” “ — in which Durmstrang will most certainly not be competing!” exploded Karkaroff. 
“After all our meetings and negotiations and compromises, I little expected something of this nature to occur! 
“You can’t leave your champion now. 
your champion limped toward the fire, and with every right step your champion took, there was a loud clunk. 
“Convenient?” said Karkaroff. 
“I’m afraid I don’t understand you, Moody.” Harry could tell Harry was trying to sound disdainful, as though what Moody was saying was barely worth Harry's notice, but Harry's hands gave him away; they had balled they into fists. 
“Don’t you?” said Moody quietly. 
“It’s very simple, Karkaroff. 
“I quite agree, Madame Maxime,” said Karkaroff, bowing to her. 
“I shall be lodging complaints with the Ministry of Magic and the International Confederation of Wizards — ” “If anyone’s got reason to complain, it’s Potter,” growled Moody, “but funny thing I don’t hear him saying a word. 
“ ’E ’as ze chance to compete, ’asn’t ’e? 
An extremely tense silence followed these words. 
Ludo Bagman, who was looking very anxious indeed, bounced nervously up and down on his feet and said, “Moody, old man what a thing to say!” “We all know Professor Moody considers the morning wasted if Professor Moody hasn’t discovered six plots to murder Professor Moody before lunchtime,” said Karkaroff loudly. 
“Apparently he is now teaching his students to fear assassination too. 
“Seeing things, eh? 
“Because they hoodwinked a very powerful magical object!” said Moody. 
“It would have needed an exceptionally strong Confundus Charm to bamboozle that goblet into forgetting that only three schools compete in the tournament. 
“It’s my job to think the way Dark wizards do, Karkaroff — as you ought to remember. 
Harry wondered for a moment whom Harry was speaking to, but then realized “Mad-Eye” could hardly be Moody’s real first name. 
Moody fell silent, though still surveying Karkaroff with satisfaction — Karkaroff’s face was burning. 
“How this situation arose, we do not know,” said Dumbledore, speaking to everyone gathered in the room. 
“It seems to me, however, that we have no choice but to accept it. 
She wasn’t the only one either. 
Snape looked furious; Karkaroff livid; Bagman, however, looked rather excited. 
“Well, shall we crack on, then?” then? 
“Got to give we champions their instructions, haven’t we? 
“Yes,” he said, “instructions. 
Close up, Harry thought Harry looked ill. 
There were dark shadows beneath Harry's eyes and a thin, papery look about Harry's wrinkled skin that had not been there at the Quidditch World Cup. 
“The first task is designed to test your daring,” he told Harry, Cedric, Fleur, and Viktor, “so we are not going to be telling you what it is. 
“I think that’s all, is it, Albus?” “I think so,” said Dumbledore, who was looking at Mister Crouch with mild concern. 
“Are you sure you wouldn’t like to stay at Hogwarts tonight, Barty?” “No, Dumbledore, I must get back to the Ministry,” said Mister Crouch. 
“It is a very busy, very difficult time at the moment. 
“Come on, Barty, I’m staying!” said Bagman brightly. 
“It’s all happening at Hogwarts now, you know, much more exciting here than at the office!” “I think not, Ludo,” said Crouch with a touch of Crouch's old impatience. 
“Professor Karkaroff — Madame Maxime — a nightcap?” said Dumbledore. 
But — Madame Maxime had already put her arm around Fleur’s shoulders and was leading her swiftly out of the room. 
Harry could hear them both talking very fast in French as they went off into the Great Hall. 
Karkaroff beckoned to Krum, and they, too, exited, though in silence. 
“Harry, Cedric, I suggest you go up to bed,” said Dumbledore, smiling at both of Harry, Cedric. 
“I am sure Gryffindor and Hufflepuff are waiting to celebrate with you, and it would be a shame to deprive them of this excellent excuse to make a great deal of mess and noise.” Harry glanced at Cedric, who nodded, and they left together. 
The Great Hall was deserted now; the candles had burned low, giving the jagged smiles of the pumpkins an eerie, flickering quality. 
“So,” said Cedric, with a slight smile. 
“We’re playing against each other again!” “I s’pose,” said Harry. 
Harry really couldn’t think of anything to say. 
The inside of Harry's head seemed to be in complete disarray, as though Harry's brain had been ransacked. 
“So tell me ” said Cedric as they reached the entrance hall, which was now lit only by torches in the absence of the Goblet of Fire. 
“How did you get your name in?” “I didn’t,” said Harry, staring up at Harry. 
“I didn’t put it in. 
Harry could tell Cedric didn’t believe Harry. 
“Well see you, then.” Instead of going up the marble staircase, Cedric headed for a door to its right. 
Harry stood listening to Harry going down the stone steps beyond it, then, slowly, Harry started to climb the marble ones. 
Was anyone except Ron and Hermione going to believe Harry, or would they all think him’d put Harry in for the tournament? 
Yet how could anyone think that, when Harry was facing competitors who’d had three years’ more magical education than Harry had — when Harry was now facing tasks that not only sounded very dangerous, but which were to be performed in front of hundreds of people? 
Yes, Harry’d thought about it Harry’d fantasized about it but it had been a joke, really, an idle sort of dream he’d never really, seriously considered entering. 
But someone else had considered it someone else had wanted he in the tournament, and had made sure he was entered. 
Why? 
To give him a treat? 
him didn’t think so, somehow. 
To see him make a fool of him? 
Well, they were likely to get their wish. 
But to get him killed? 
Was Moody just being him's usual paranoid self? 
Couldn’t someone have put Harry’s name in the goblet as a trick, a practical joke? 
Did anyone really want him dead? 
Harry was able to answer that at once. 
Yes, someone wanted Harry dead, someone had wanted Harry dead ever since Harry had been a year old Lord Voldemort. 
But how could Voldemort have ensured that Harry’s name got into the Goblet of Fire? 
Voldemort was supposed to be far away, in some distant country, in hiding, alone feeble and powerless. 
Yet in that dream Voldemort had had, just before Voldemort had awoken with Voldemort's scar hurting, Voldemort had not been alone Voldemort had been talking to Wormtail plotting Harry’s murder . 
Harry got a shock to find Harry facing the Fat Lady already. 
Harry had barely noticed where Harry's feet were carrying Harry. 
It was also a surprise to see that she was not alone in shis frame. 
The wizened witch who had flitted into her neighbor’s painting when he had joined the champions downstairs was now sitting smugly beside the Fat Lady. 
the Fat Lady must have dashed through every picture lining seven staircases to reach here before the Fat Lady. 
Both the Fat Lady and the Fat Lady were looking down at the Fat Lady with the keenest interest. 
“Well, well, well,” said the Fat Lady, “Violet’s just told me everything. 
“It most certainly isn’t!” said the pale witch indignantly. 
“No, no, Vi, it’s the password,” said the Fat Lady soothingly, and the Fat Lady swung forward on the Fat Lady's hinges to let Harry into the common room. 
The blast of noise that met Harry’s ears when the portrait opened almost knocked Harry backward. 
Next thing he knew, he was being wrenched inside the common room by about a dozen pairs of hands, and was facing the whole of Gryffindor House, all of whom were screaming, applauding, and whistling. 
“You should’ve told us you’d entered!” bellowed Fred; he looked half annoyed, half deeply impressed. 
“How did you do it without getting a beard? 
“I didn’t,” Harry said. 
“I don’t know how — ” But Angelina had now swooped down upon him; “Oh if it couldn’t be me, at least it’s a Gryffindor — ” “You’ll be able to pay back Diggory for that last Quidditch match, Harry!” shrieked Katie Bell, another of the Gryffindor Chasers. 
“We’ve got food, Harry, come and have some — ” “I’m not hungry, I had enough at the feast — ” But nobody wanted to hear that he wasn’t hungry; nobody wanted to hear that he hadn’t put his name in the goblet; not one single person seemed to have noticed that he wasn’t at all in the mood to celebrate. 
Lee Jordan had unearthed a Gryffindor banner from somewhere, and Lee Jordan insisted on draping it around Harry like a cloak. 
Harry couldn’t get away; whenever Harry tried to sidle over to the staircase up to the dormitories, the crowd around Harry closed ranks, forcing another butterbeer on Harry, stuffing crisps and peanuts into Harry's hands. 
Everyone wanted to know how Harry had done it, how Harry had tricked Dumbledore’s Age Line and managed to get Harry's name into the goblet. 
“I didn’t,” Harry said, over and over again, “I don’t know how it happened.” But for all the notice anyone took, Harry might just as well not have answered at all. 
“I’m tired!” Harry bellowed finally, after nearly half an hour. 
“No, seriously, George — I’m going to bed — ” George — I wanted more than anything to find Ron and Hermione, to find a bit of sanity, but neither of them seemed to be in the common room. 
Insisting that he needed to sleep, and almost flattening the little Creevey brothers as they attempted to waylay him at the foot of the stairs, Harry managed to shake everyone off and climb up to the dormitory as fast as Harry could. 
To his great relief, his found Ron was lying on his found Ron found Ron's bed in the otherwise empty dormitory, still fully dressed. 
He looked up when Harry slammed the door behind Harry. 
“Where ’ve you been?” Harry said. 
“Oh hello,” said Ron. 
He was grinning, but it was a very odd, strained sort of grin. 
Harry suddenly became aware that Harry was still wearing the scarlet Gryffindor banner that Lee had tied around Harry. 
Harry hastened to take it off, but it was knotted very tightly. 
Ron lay on the bed without moving, watching Harry struggle to remove it. 
“So,” he said, when Harry had finally removed the banner and thrown the banner into a corner. 
“Congratulations . 
There was definitely something wrong with the way Ron was smiling: It was more like a grimace. 
“Well no one else got across the Age Line,” said Ron. 
“Not even Fred and George. 
“Oh right,” said Ron. 
“I thought you might’ve told me if it was the cloak because it would’ve covered both of us, wouldn’t it? 
“What would they do that for?” “I dunno,” said Harry. 
Harry felt it would sound very melodramatic to say, “To kill me.” Ron’s eyebrows rose so high that they were in danger of disappearing into He's hair. 
“It’s okay, you know, you can tell me the truth,” he said. 
“If you don’t want everyone else to know, fine, but I don’t know why you’re bothering to lie, you didn’t get into trouble for it, did you? 
“Yeah, okay,” said Ron, in exactly the same sceptical tone as Cedric. 
“Only you said this morning you’d have done it last night, and no one would’ve seen you. 
“Yeah?” said Ron, and there was no trace of a grin, forced or otherwise, on his face now. 
“You want to get to bed, Harry. 
When Harry woke up on Sunday morning, it took Harry a moment to remember why Harry felt so miserable and worried. 
Then the memory of the previous night rolled over Harry. 
He sat up and ripped back the curtains of He's own four-poster, intending to talk to Ron, to force Ron to believe He — only to find that Ron’s bed was empty; He had obviously gone down to breakfast. 
Harry dressed and went down the spiral staircase into the common room. 
The moment Harry appeared, the people who had already finished breakfast broke into applause again. 
The prospect of going down into the Great Hall and facing the rest of the Gryffindors, all treating him like some sort of hero, was not inviting; it was that, however, or stay here and allow him to be cornered by the Creevey brothers, who were both beckoning frantically to him to join them. 
him walked resolutely over to the portrait hole, pushed the portrait hole open, climbed out of the portrait hole, and found him face-to-face with Hermione. 
“Hello,” she said, holding up a stack of toast, which she was carrying in a napkin. 
“I brought you this. 
They went downstairs, crossed the entrance hall quickly without looking in at the Great Hall, and were soon striding across the lawn toward the lake, where the Durmstrang ship was moored, reflected blackly in the water. 
It was a chilly morning, and they kept moving, munching their toast, as Harry told Hermione exactly what had happened after Harry had left the Gryffindor table the night before. 
To his immense relief, Hermione accepted his story without question. 
“Well, of course I knew you hadn’t entered yourself,” she said when he’d finished telling shis about the scene in the chamber off the Hall. 
“The look on your face when Dumbledore read out your name! 
Hermione hesitated. 
“Erm yes he was at breakfast,” she said. 
“Does he still think I entered she?” “Well no, I don’t think so not really,” said Hermione awkwardly. 
“What’s that supposed to mean, ‘not really’?” “Oh Harry, isn’t it obvious?” Hermione said despairingly. 
“He’s jealous!” “Jealous?” Harry said incredulously. 
“Jealous of what? 
“I know you don’t ask for it but — well — you know, Ron’s got all those brothers to compete against at home, and you’re Ron’s's best friend, and you’re really famous — Ron’s’s always shunted to one side whenever people see you, and Ron’s puts up with it, and Ronnever mentions it, but I suppose this is just one time too many. 
“Really great. 
“Tell him yourself. 
“Maybe him’ll believe I’m not enjoying yourself once I’ve got my neck broken or — ” “That’s not funny,” said Hermione quietly. 
“That’s not funny at all.” Hermione looked extremely anxious. 
“Harry, I’ve been thinking — you know what we’ve got to do, don’t you? 
“Harry came back to the country just because my scar twinged. 
“Harry’s going to find out anyway — ” “How?” Harry, this isn’t going to be kept quiet,” said Hermione, very seriously. 
“This tournament’s famous, and you’re famous. 
They both stood and watched it floating there for a moment, before a large tentacle rose out of the water and scooped it beneath the surface. 
Then they returned to the castle. 
“Whose owl am I going to use?” Harry said as they climbed the stairs. 
“Harry told me not to use Hedwig again.” “Ask Ron if you can borrow — ” “I’m not asking Ron for anything,” Harry said flatly. 
“Well, borrow one of the school owls, then, anyone can use them,” said Hermione. 
They went up to the Owlery Hermione gave Harry a piece of parchment, a quill, and a bottle of ink, then strolled around the long lines of perches, looking at all the different owls, while Harry sat down against a wall and wrote Harry's letter. 
Dear Sirius, You told me to keep you posted on what’s happening at Hogwarts, so here goes — I don’t know if you’ve heard, but the Tri-wizard Tournament’s happening this year and on Saturday night I got picked as a fourth champion. 
I don’t know who put my name in the Goblet of Fire, because I didn’t The other Hogwarts champion is Cedric Diggory, from Hufflepuff The other Hogwarts champion paused at this point, thinking. 
The other Hogwarts champion had an urge to say something about the large weight of anxiety that seemed to have settled inside The other Hogwarts champion's chest since last night, but The other Hogwarts champion couldn’t think how to translate this into words, so The other Hogwarts champion simply dipped The other Hogwarts champion's quill back into the ink bottle and wrote, Hope you’re okay, and Buckbeak — Harry “Finished,” he told Hermione, getting to his feet and brushing straw off his robes. 
At this, Hedwig came fluttering down onto his shoulder and held out Hedwig's leg. 
“I can’t use you,” Harry told her, looking around for the school owls. 
“I’ve got to use one of these. 
She kept Shis back to Harry all the time Harry was tying his letter to the leg of a large barn owl. 
When a large barn owl had flown off, Harry reached out to stroke Hedwig, but Hedwig clicked Hedwig's beak furiously and soared up into the rafters out of reach. 
“First Ron, then you,” said Harry angrily. 
“ This isn’t my fault.” If Harry had thought that matters would improve once everyone got used to the idea of Harry being champion, the following day showed Harry how mistaken Harry was. 
Harry could no longer avoid the rest of the school once Harry was back at lessons — and it was clear that the rest of the school, just like the Gryffindors, thought Harry had entered Harry for the tournament. 
Unlike the Gryffindors, however, they did not seem impressed. 
The Hufflepuffs, who were usually on excellent terms with the Gryffindors, had turned remarkably cold toward the whole lot of them. 
One Herbology lesson was enough to demonstrate this. 
It was plain that the Hufflepuffs felt that Harry had stolen their champion’s glory; a feeling exacerbated, perhaps, by the fact that Hufflepuff House very rarely got any glory, and that Cedric was one of the few who had ever given them any, having beaten Gryffindor once at Quidditch. 
Ernie Macmillan and Justin Finch- Fletchley, with whom Harry normally got on very well, did not talk to Harry even though they were repotting Bouncing Bulbs at the same tray — though they did laugh rather unpleasantly when one of the Bouncing Bulbs wriggled free from Harry’s grip and smacked Harry hard in the face. 
Ron wasn’t talking to Harry either. 
Hermione sat between them, making very forced conversation, but though both answered Hermione's normally, both avoided making eye contact with each other. 
Harry thought even Professor Sprout seemed distant with Harry — but then, she was Head of Hufflepuff House. 
Harry would have been looking forward to seeing Hagrid under normal circumstances, but Care of Magical Creatures meant seeing the Slytherins too — the first time Harry would come face-to-face with them since becoming champion. 
Predictably, Malfoy arrived at Hagrid ’s cabin with his familiar sneer firmly in place. 
“Ah, look, boys, it’s the champion,” he said to Crabbe and Goyle the moment he got within earshot of Harry. 
“Got your autograph books? 
To the class’s horror, Hagrid proceeded to explain that the reason the skrewts had been killing one another was an excess of pent-up energy, and that the solution would be for each student to fix a leash on a skrewt and take it for a short walk. 
The only good thing about this plan was that it distracted Malfoy completely. 
“Take this thing for a walk?” he repeated in disgust, staring into one of the boxes. 
“And where exactly are we supposed to fix the leash? 
“Er — yeh might want ter put on yer dragon-hide gloves, jus’ as an extra precaution, like. 
He waited until everyone else had set off with their skrewts, then turned to Harry and said, very seriously, “So — yer competin’, Harry. 
Hagrid’s beetle-black eyes looked very anxious under his wild eyebrows. 
“No idea who put yeh in fer it, Harry?” “You believe I didn’t do it, then?” said Harry, concealing with difficulty the rush of gratitude he felt at Hagrid’s words. 
“ ’Course I do,” Hagrid grunted. 
“Yeh say it wasn’ you, an’ I believe yeh — an’ Dumbledore believes yer, an’ all.” “Wish I knew who did do it,” said Harry bitterly. 
The pair of them looked out over the lawn; the class was widely scattered now, and all in great difficulty. 
The skrewts were now over three feet long, and extremely powerful. 
No longer shell-less and colorless, they had developed a kind of thick, grayish, shiny armor. 
they looked like a cross between giant scorpions and elongated crabs — but still without recognizable heads or eyes. 
they had become immensely strong and very hard to control. 
“Look like they’re havin’ fun, don’ they?” Hagrid said happily. 
Harry assumed Harry was talking about the skrewts, because Harry's classmates certainly weren’t; every now and then, with an alarming bang, one of the skrewts’ ends would explode, causing it to shoot forward several yards, and more than one person was being dragged along on their stomach, trying desperately to get back on their feet. 
“Ah, I don’ know, Harry,” Hagrid sighed suddenly, looking back down at Harry with a worried expression on Harry's face. 
“School champion everythin’ seems ter happen ter you, doesn’ it?” Harry didn’t answer. 
Yes, everything did seem to happen to Harry that was more or less what Hermione had said as they had walked around the lake, and that was the reason, according to Hermione, that Ron was no longer talking to Harry. 
The next few days were some of Harry’s worst at Hogwarts. 
The closest he had ever come to feeling like this had been during those months, in his second year, when a large part of the school had suspected him of attacking him's fellow students. 
But Ron had been on his side then. 
He thought He could have coped with the rest of the school’s behavior if He could just have had Ron back as a friend, but He wasn’t going to try and persuade Ron to talk to He if Ron didn’t want to. 
Nevertheless, it was lonely with dislike pouring in on him from all sides. 
him could understand the Hufflepuffs’ attitude, even if him didn’t like it; they had their own champion to support. 
him expected nothing less than vicious insults from the Slytherins — him was highly unpopular there and always had been, because him had helped Gryffindor beat them so often, both at Quidditch and in the Inter-House Championship. 
But him had hoped the Ravenclaws might have found the Ravenclaws in their hearts to support him as much as Cedric. 
him was wrong, however. 
Most Ravenclaws seemed to think that him had been desperate to earn him a bit more fame by tricking the goblet into accepting him's name. 
Then there was the fact that Cedric looked the part of a champion so much more than Cedric did. 
Exceptionally handsome, with Cedric's straight nose, dark hair, and gray eyes, it was hard to say who was receiving more admiration these days, Cedric or Viktor Krum. 
Harry actually saw the same sixth-year girls who had been so keen to get Krum’s autograph begging Cedric to sign their school bags one lunchtime. 
Meanwhile there was no reply from Sirius, Hedwig was refusing to come anywhere near him, Professor Trelawney was predicting Professor Trelawney's death with even more certainty than usual, and Professor Trelawney did so badly at Summoning Charms in Professor Flitwick’s class that Professor Trelawney was given extra homework — the only person to get any, apart from Neville. 
“It’s really not that difficult, Harry,” Hermione tried to reassure him as they left Flitwick’s class — Hermione had been making objects zoom across the room to Hermione's all lesson, as though Hermione were some sort of weird magnet for board dusters, wastepaper baskets, and lunascopes. 
“You just weren’t concentrating properly “Wonder why that was,” said Harry darkly as Cedric Diggory walked past, surrounded by a large group of simpering girls, all of whom looked at Harry as though Harry were a particularly large Blast-Ended Skrewt. 
“Still — never mind, eh? 
Being shut in a dungeon for an hour and a half with Snape and the Slytherins, all of whom seemed determined to punish Harry as much as possible for daring to become school champion, was about the most unpleasant thing Harry could imagine. 
Harry had already struggled through one Friday’s worth, with Hermione sitting next to Harry intoning “ignore them, ignore them, ignore them” under Hermione's breath, and Harry couldn’t see why today should be any better. 
When he and Hermione arrived at Snape ’s dungeon after lunch, he and Hermione Hermione found the Slytherins waiting outside, each and every one of he and Hermione wearing a large badge on the front of his or her robes. 
For one wild moment Harry thought they were S.P.E.W. 
badges — then Harry saw that they all bore the same message, in luminous red letters that burnt brightly in the dimly lit underground passage: Support CEDRIC DIGGORY — The REAL Hogwarts Champion “Like them, Potter?” said Malfoy loudly as Harry approached. 
“And this isn’t all they do — look!” Harry pressed Harry's badge into Harry's chest, and the message upon it vanished, to be replaced by another one, which glowed green: The Slytherins howled with laughter. 
Each of them pressed Each of them's badges too, until the message POTTER STINKS was shining brightly all around Harry. 
He felt the heat rise in He's face and neck. 
“Oh very funny,” Hermione said sarcastically to Pansy Parkinson and Pansy Parkinson's gang of Slytherin girls, who were laughing harder than anyone, “really witty.” Ron was standing against the wall with Dean and Seamus. 
He wasn’t laughing, but He wasn’t sticking up for Harry either. 
“Want one, Granger?” said Malfoy, holding out a badge to Hermione. 
“I’ve got loads. 
He had reached for He's wand before He’d thought what He was doing. 
People all around them scrambled out of the way, backing down the corridor. 
“Harry!” Hermione said warningly. 
“Go on, then, Potter,” Malfoy said quietly, drawing out Malfoy's own wand. 
“Moody’s not here to look after you now — do it, if you’ve got the guts — ” For a split second, both looked into each other’s eyes, then, at exactly the same time, both acted. 
“ FurnunculusV’ Harry yelled. 
It wasn’t a pretty sight. 
Hermione ’s front teeth — already larger than average — were now growing at an alarming rate; Hermione was looking more and more like a beaver as Hermione's teeth elongated, past Hermione's bottom lip, toward Hermione's chin — panic-stricken, Hermione felt them and let out a terrified cry. 
“And what is all this noise about?” said a soft, deadly voice. 
Snape had arrived. 
The Slytherins clamored to give their explanations; Snape pointed a long yellow finger at Malfoy and said, “Explain.” “Potter attacked me, sir — ” “We attacked each other at the same time!” Harry shouted. 
“ — and Snape hit Goyle — look — ” Snape examined Goyle, whose face now resembled something that would have been at home in a book on poisonous fungi. 
“Hospital wing, Goyle,” Snape said calmly. 
“Malfoy got Hermione!” Ron said. 
“Loo!d” He forced Hermione to show Snape her teeth — she was doing shis best to hide them with shis hands, though this was difficult as them had now grown down past shis collar. 
Pansy Parkinson and the other Slytherin girls were doubled up with silent giggles, pointing at Hermione from behind Snape ’s back. 
Snape looked coldly at Hermione, then said, “I see no difference.” Hermione let out a whimper; Hermione's eyes filled with tears, Hermione turned on Hermione's heel and ran, ran all the way up the corridor and out of sight. 
It was lucky, perhaps, that both Harry and Ron started shouting at Snape at the same time; lucky their voices echoed so much in the stone corridor, for in the confused din, it was impossible for him to hear exactly what they were calling him. 
him got the gist, however. 
“Let’s see,” he said, in his silkiest voice. 
“Fifty points from Gryffindor and a detention each for Potter and Weasley. 
The injustice of it made him want to curse Snape into a thousand slimy pieces. 
Snape passed Snape, walked with Ron to the back of the dungeon, and slammed his bag down onto the table. 
Ron was shaking with anger too — for a moment, it felt as though everything was back to normal between them, but then Ron turned and sat down with Dean and Seamus instead, leaving Harry alone at Harry's table. 
On the other side of the dungeon, Malfoy turned his back on Snape and pressed his badge, smirking. 
POTTER STINKS flashed once more across the room. 
Harry sat there staring at Snape as the lesson began, picturing horrific things happening to Harry. 
If only he knew how to do the Cruciatus Curse he’d have Snape flat on his back like that spider, jerking and twitching. 
“Antidotes!” said Snape, looking around at them all, his cold black eyes glittering unpleasantly. 
“You should all have prepared your recipes now. 
Snape was going to poison Snape. 
Harry imagined picking up Harry's cauldron, and sprinting to the front of the class, and bringing it down on Snape’s greasy head — And then a knock on the dungeon door burst in on Harry’s thoughts. 
It was Colin Creevey; Colin Creevey edged into the room, beaming at Harry, and walked up to Snape’s desk at the front of the room. 
“Yes?” said Snape curtly. 
“Please, sir, I’m supposed to take Harry Potter upstairs.” Snape stared down sir's hooked nose at Colin, whose smile faded from sir's eager face. 
“Harry Potter has another hour of Potions to complete,” said Snape coldly. 
“He will come upstairs when this class is finished.” Colin went pink. 
“Sir — sir, Mister Bagman wants him,” he said nervously. 
“All the champions have got to go, I think All the champions want to take photographs. 
He chanced half a glance at Ron, but Ron was staring determinedly at the ceiling. 
“Very well, very well,” Snape snapped. 
“Potter, leave your things here, I want you back down here later to test your antidote.” “Please, sir — he’s got to take his things with he,” squeaked Colin. 
“All the champions — ” “Very well\” said Snape. 
“Potter — take your bag and get out of my sight!” Harry swung Harry's bag over Harry's shoulder, got up, and headed for the door. 
As he walked through the Slytherin desks, POTTER STINKS flashed at him from every direction. 
“It’s amazing, isn’t it, Harry?” said Colin, starting to speak the moment Harry had closed the dungeon door behind Harry. 
“Isn’t it, though? 
“What do they want photos for, Colin?” “The Daily Prophet, I think!” “Great,” said Harry dully. 
“Exactly what I need. 
Harry knocked on the door and entered. 
Harry was in a fairly small classroom; most of the desks had been pushed away to the back of the room, leaving a large space in the middle; three of them, however, had been placed end-to-end in front of the blackboard and covered with a long length of velvet. 
Five chairs had been set behind the velvet-covered desks, and Ludo Bagman was sitting in one of Five chairs, talking to a witch Harry had never seen before, who was wearing magenta robes. 
Viktor Krum was standing moodily in a corner as usual and not talking to anybody. 
Cedric and Fleur were in conversation. 
Fleur looked a good deal happier than Harry had seen Fleur's so far; Fleur kept throwing back Fleur's head so that Fleur's long silvery hair caught the light. 
A paunchy man, holding a large black camera that was smoking slightly, was watching Fleur out of the corner of his eye. 
Bagman suddenly spotted Harry, got up quickly, and bounded forward. 
“Ah, here Harry is! 
“We have to check that your wands are fully functional, no problems, you know, as they’re your most important tools in the tasks ahead,” said Bagman. 
“The expert’s upstairs now with Dumbledore. 
“She’s doing a small piece on the tournament for the Daily Prophet ” “Maybe not that small, Ludo,” said Rita Skeeter, her eyes on Harry. 
her hair was set in elaborate and curiously rigid curls that contrasted oddly with her heavy-jawed face. 
her wore jeweled spectacles. 
The thick fingers clutching her crocodile-skin handbag ended in two-inch nails, painted crimson. 
“I wonder if I could have a little word with Harry before we start?” she said to Bagman, but still gazing fixedly at Harry. 
“The youngest champion, you know to add a bit of color?” “Certainly!” cried Bagman. 
“That is — if Harry has no objection?” “Er — ” said Harry. 
“Lovely,” said Rita Skeeter, and in a second, her scarlet-taloned fingers had Harry’s upper arm in a surprisingly strong grip, and her was steering Harry out of the room again and opening a nearby door. 
“We don’t want to be in there with all that noise,” her said. 
“Let’s see ah, yes, this is nice and cozy.” It was a broom cupboard. 
Harry stared at her. 
“Come along, dear — that’s right — lovely,” said Rita Skeeter again, perching herself precariously upon an upturned bucket, pushing Harry down onto a cardboard box, and closing the door, throwing them into darkness. 
“Let’s see now ” She unsnapped Shis crocodile-skin handbag and pulled out a handful of candles, which She lit with a wave of Shis wand and magicked into midair, so that they could see what they were doing. 
“You won’t mind, Harry, if I use a Quick-Quotes Quill? 
Rita Skeeter’s smile widened. 
Harry counted three gold teeth. 
She reached again into Shis crocodile bag and drew out a long acid-green quill and a roll of parchment, which She stretched out between them on a crate of Mistress Skower’s All-Purpose Magical Mess Remover. 
She put the tip of the green quill into Shis mouth, sucked it for a moment with apparent relish, then placed it upright on the parchment, where it stood balanced on its point, quivering slightly. 
“Testing my name is Rita Skeeter, Daily Prophet reporter.” Harry looked down quickly at the quill. 
The moment Rita Skeeter had spoken, the quill had started to scribble, skidding across the parchment: Attractive blonde Rita Skeeter, forty-three, whose savage quill has punctured many inflated reputations “Lovely,” said Rita Skeeter, yet again, and Rita Skeeter ripped the top piece of parchment off, crumpled the top piece of parchment up, and stuffed the top piece of parchment into Rita Skeeter's handbag. 
Now Rita Skeeter leaned toward Harry and said, “So, Harry what made you decide to enter the Triwizard Tournament?” “Er — ” said Harry again, but Harry was distracted by the quill. 
Even though Harry wasn’t speaking, it was dashing across the parchment, and in it wake Harry could make out a fresh sentence: An ugly scar, souvenir of a tragic past, disfigures the otherwise charming face of Harry Potter, whose eyes “Ignore the quill, Harry,” said Rita Skeeter firmly. 
Reluctantly, Harry looked up at Rita Skeeter's instead. 
“Now — why did you decide to enter the tournament, Harry?” “I didn’t,” said Harry. 
“I don’t know how my name got into the Goblet of Fire. 
“Come now, Harry, there’s no need to be scared of getting into trouble. 
“I don’t know who — ” “How do you feel about the tasks ahead?” said Rita Skeeter. 
“Excited? 
His insides squirmed uncomfortably as His spoke. 
“Champions have died in the past, haven’t they?” said Rita Skeeter briskly. 
“Have you thought about that at all?” “Well they say it’s going to be a lot safer this year,” said Harry. 
The quill whizzed across the parchment between them, back and forward as though it were skating. 
“Of course, you’ve looked death in the face before, haven’t you?” said Rita Skeeter, watching him closely. 
“How would you say that’s affected you?” “Er,” said Harry, yet again. 
“Do you think that the trauma in your past might have made you keen to prove yourself? 
“Can you remember your parents at all?” said Rita Skeeter, talking over him. 
“No,” said Harry. 
“How do you think they’d feel if they knew you were competing in the Triwizard Tournament? 
How on earth was he to know how his parents would feel if parents were alive? 
he could feel Rita Skeeter watching he very intently. 
Frowning, he avoided Rita Skeeter's gaze and looked down at words the quill had just written: Tears fill those startling green eyes as our conversation turns to the parents he can barely remember. 
“I have NOT got tears in my eyes!” said Harry loudly. 
Before Rita Skeeter could say a word, the door of the broom cupboard was pulled open. 
Harry looked around, blinking in the bright light. 
Albus Dumbledore stood there, looking down at both of them, squashed into the cupboard. 
“ Dumbledorel” cried Rita Skeeter, with every appearance of delight — but Harry noticed that her quill and the parchment had suddenly vanished from the box of Magical Mess Remover, and Rita’s clawed fingers were hastily snapping shut the clasp of her crocodile-skin bag. 
“How are you?” her said, standing up and holding out one of her large, mannish hands to Dumbledore. 
“I hope you saw my piece over the summer about the International Confederation of Wizards’ Conference?” “Enchantingly nasty,” said Dumbledore, his eyes twinkling. 
“I particularly enjoyed your description of me as an obsolete dingbat.” Rita Skeeter didn’t look remotely abashed. 
“I was just making the point that some of your ideas are a little old-fashioned, Dumbledore, and that many wizards in the street — ” “I will be delighted to hear the reasoning behind the rudeness, Rita,” said Dumbledore, with a courteous bow and a smile, “but I’m afraid we will have to discuss the matter later. 
The other champions were now sitting in chairs near the door, and he sat down quickly next to Cedric, looking up at the velvet- covered table, where four of the five judges were now sitting — Professor Karkaroff, Madame Maxime, Mister Crouch, and Ludo Bagman. 
Rita Skeeter settled Rita Skeeter down in a corner; Harry saw Rita Skeeter's slip the parchment out of Rita Skeeter's bag again, spread the parchment on Rita Skeeter's knee, suck the end of the Quick-Quotes Quill, and place it once more on the parchment on Rita Skeeter. 
“May I introduce Mister Ollivander?” said Dumbledore, taking Mister Ollivander? 
“He will be checking your wands to ensure that they are in good condition before the tournament.” Harry looked around, and with a jolt of surprise saw an old wizard with large, pale eyes standing quietly by the window. 
Harry had met Mister Ollivander before — Harry was the wand-maker from whom Harry had bought Harry's own wand over three years ago in Diagon Alley. 
“Mademoiselle Delacour, could we have you first, please?” said Mister Ollivander, stepping into the empty space in the middle of the room. 
Fleur Delacour swept over to Mister Ollivander and handed him her wand. 
“Hmmm ” he said. 
he twirled the wand between his long fingers like a baton and it emitted a number of pink and gold sparks. 
Then he held it close to his eyes and examined it carefully. 
“Yes,” he said quietly, “nine and a half inches inflexible rosewood and containing dear me “An ’air from ze ’ead of a veela,” said Fleur. 
“One of my grandmuzzer’s.” So Fleur was part veela, thought Harry, making a mental note to tell Ron then Harry remembered that Ron wasn’t speaking to Harry. 
“Yes,” said Mister Ollivander, “yes, I’ve never used veela hair myself, of course. 
“Mister Diggory, you next.” Fleur glided back to her seat, smiling at Cedric as Fleur passed her. 
“Ah, now, this is one of mine, isn’t it?” said Mister Ollivander, with much more enthusiasm, as Cedric handed over his wand. 
“Yes, I remember it well. 
Harry looked down at Harry's own wand. 
Harry could see finger marks all over it. 
Harry gathered a fistful of robe from Harry's knee and tried to rub a fistful of robe from Harry's knee clean surreptitiously. 
Several gold sparks shot out of the end of it. 
Fleur Delacour gave him a very patronizing look, and Fleur Delacour desisted. 
Mister Ollivander sent a stream of silver smoke rings across the room from the tip of Cedric’s wand, pronounced himself satisfied, and then said, “Mister Krum, if you please.” Viktor Krum got up and slouched, round-shouldered and duck-footed, toward Mister Ollivander. 
Viktor Krum thrust out Viktor Krum's wand and stood scowling, with Viktor Krum's hands in the pockets of Viktor Krum's robes. 
“Hmm,” said Mister Ollivander, “this is a Gregorovitch creation, unless I’m much mistaken? 
“Yes hornbeam and dragon heartstring?” he shot at Krum, who nodded. 
“Rather thicker than one usually sees quite rigid ten and a quarter inches Avis'.” The hornbeam wand let off a blast like a gun, and a number of small, twittering birds flew out of the end and through the open window into the watery sunlight. 
“Good,” said Mister Ollivander, handing Krum back his wand. 
“Which leaves Potter.” Harry got to Harry's feet and walked past Krum to Mister Ollivander. 
Harry handed over Harry's wand. 
“Aaaah, yes,” said Mister Ollivander, his pale eyes suddenly gleaming. 
“Yes, yes, yes. 
He could remember it as though it had happened yesterday Four summers ago, on He's eleventh birthday, He had entered Mister Ollivander’s shop with Hagrid to buy a wand. 
Mister Ollivander had taken Mister Ollivander's measurements and then started handing Mister Ollivander wands to try. 
Harry had waved what felt like every wand in the shop, until at last Harry had found the one that suited Harry — this one, which was made of holly, eleven inches long, and contained a single feather from the tail of a phoenix. 
Mister Ollivander had been very surprised that Harry had been so compatible with this wand. 
“Curious,” he had said, “curious,” and not until Harry asked what was curious had Mister Ollivander explained that the phoenix feather in Harry’s wand had come from the same bird that had supplied the core of Lord Voldemort’s. 
Harry had never shared this piece of information with anybody. 
Harry was very fond of Harry's wand, and as far as Harry was concerned its relation to Voldemort’s wand was something it couldn’t help — rather as Harry couldn’t help being related to Aunt Petunia. 
However, Harry really hoped that Mister Ollivander wasn’t about to tell the room about it. 
Harry had a funny feeling Rita Skeeter’s Quick-Quotes Quill might just explode with excitement if Rita Skeeter’s Quick-Quotes Quill did. 
Mister Ollivander spent much longer examining Harry’s wand than anyone else’s. 
Eventually, however, Harry made a fountain of wine shoot out of it, and handed it back to Harry, announcing that it was still in perfect condition. 
“Thank you all,” said Dumbledore, standing up at the judges’ table. 
“You may go back to your lessons now — or perhaps it would be quicker just to go down to dinner, as they are about to end — ” Feeling that at last something had gone right today, Harry got up to leave, but the man with the black camera jumped up and cleared Harry's throat. 
“Photos, Dumbledore, photos!” cried Bagman excitedly. 
“All the judges and champions, what do you think, Rita?” “Er — yes, let’s do those first,” said Rita Skeeter, whose eyes were upon Harry again. 
“And then perhaps some individual shots.” The photographs took a long time. 
Madame Maxime cast everyone else into shadow wherever Madame Maxime stood, and the photographer couldn’t stand far enough back to get Madame Maxime's into the frame; eventually Madame Maxime had to sit while everyone else stood around Madame Maxime. 
Karkaroff kept twirling Karkaroff's goatee around Karkaroff's finger to give it an extra curl; Krum, whom Harry would have thought would have been used to this sort of thing, skulked, half- hidden, at the back of the group. 
The photographer seemed keenest to get Fleur at the front, but Rita Skeeter kept hurrying forward and dragging Harry into greater prominence. 
Then Rita Skeeter insisted on separate shots of all the champions. 
At last, they were free to go. 
Harry went down to dinner. 
Hermione wasn’t there — Harry supposed Hermione was still in the hospital wing having Hermione's teeth fixed. 
— Harry ate alone at the end of the table, then returned to Gryffindor Tower, thinking of all the extra work on Summoning Charms that — Harry had to do. 
Up in the dormitory, Harry came across Ron. 
“You’ve had an owl,” said Ron brusquely the moment he walked in. 
he was pointing at Harry’s pillow. 
The school barn owl was waiting for he there. 
“Oh — right,” said Harry. 
“And we’ve got to do we detentions tomorrow night, Snape’s dungeon,” said Ron. 
Snape then walked straight out of the room, not looking at Harry. 
For a moment, Harry considered going after Harry — Harry wasn’t sure whether Harry wanted to talk to Harry or hit Harry, both seemed quite appealing — but the lure of Sirius’s answer was too strong. 
Harry strode over to the barn owl, took the letter off the letter leg, and unrolled the letter. 
Harry — I can’t say everything I would like to in a letter, it’s too risky in case the owl is intercepted — we need to talk face-to-face. 
Can you ensure that you are alone by the fire in Gryffindor Tower at one o’clock in the morning on the 22nd of November? 
I know better than anyone that you can look after yourself and while you’re around Dumbledore and Moody I don’t think anyone will be able to hurt you. 
However, someone seems to be having a good try. 
Entering you in that tournament would have been very risky, especially right under Dumbledore’ s nose. 
Be on the watch, Harry. 
I still want to hear about anything unusual. 
Let me know about the 22nd of November as quickly as you can. 
Sirius The prospect of talking face-to-face with Sirius was all that sustained Harry over the next fortnight, the only bright spot on a horizon that had never looked darker. 
The shock of finding himself school champion had worn off slightly now, and the fear of what was facing him had started to sink in. 
The first task was drawing steadily nearer; him felt as though it were crouching ahead of him like some horrific monster, barring him's path. 
Harry had never suffered nerves like these; these were way beyond anything Harry had experienced before a Quidditch match, not even He's last one against Slytherin, which had decided who would win the Quidditch Cup. 
Harry was finding it hard to think about the future at all; Harry felt as though Harry's whole life had been leading up to, and would finish with, the first task. 
Admittedly, Harry didn’t see how Sirius was going to make Harry feel any better about having to perform an unknown piece of difficult and dangerous magic in front of hundreds of people, but the mere sight of a friendly face would be something at the moment. 
Harry wrote back to Sirius saying that Harry would be beside the common room fire at the time Sirius had suggested, and Harry and Hermione spent a long time going over plans for forcing any stragglers out of the common room on the night in question. 
If the worst came to the worst, they were going to drop a bag of Dungbombs, but they hoped they wouldn’t have to resort to that — Filch would skin them alive. 
In the meantime, life became even worse for Harry within the confines of the castle, for Rita Skeeter had published Rita Skeeter's piece about the Triwizard Tournament, and it had turned out to be not so much a report on the tournament as a highly colored life story of Harry. 
Much of the front page had been given over to a picture of Harry; the article (continuing on pages two, six, and seven) had been all about Harry, the names of the Beauxbatons and Durmstrang champions (misspelled) had been squashed into the last line of the article, and Cedric hadn’t been mentioned at all. 
the article had appeared ten days ago, and Harry still got a sick, burning feeling of shame in Harry's stomach every time Harry thought about it. 
Rita Skeeter had reported Harry saying an awful lot of things that Harry couldn’t remember ever saying in Harry's life, let alone in that broom cupboard. 
I suppose I get my strength from my parents. 
I know they’d be very proud of me if they could see me now. 
Yes, sometimes at night I still cry about they, I’m not ashamed to admit it. 
I know nothing will hurt me during the tournament, because they’re watching over me. 
But Rita Skeeter had gone even further than transforming Rita Skeeter's “er’s” into long, sickly sentences: Rita Skeeter had interviewed other people about him too. 
Harry has at last found love at Hogwarts. 
Harry close friend, Colin Creevey, says that Harry is rarely seen out of the company of one Hermione Granger, a stunningly pretty Muggle-born girl who, like Harry, is one of the top students in the school. 
From the moment the article had appeared, Harry had had to endure people — Slytherins, mainly — quoting it at Harry as Harry passed and making sneering comments. 
“Want a hanky, Potter, in case you start crying in Transfiguration?” “Since when have you been one of the top students in the school, Potter? 
“I’ve just been crying my eyes out over my dead mum, and I’m just off to do a bit more. 
Harry felt the color rising in Harry's face. 
“Oh — right — sorry,” Harry muttered, taking the quill back. 
“Er good luck on Tuesday,” she said. 
“I really hope you do well.” Which left Harry feeling extremely stupid. 
Hermione had come in for Hermione's fair share of unpleasantness too, but Hermione hadn’t yet started yelling at innocent bystanders; in fact, Harry was full of admiration for the way Hermione was handling the situation. 
“ Stunningly pretty? 
“What was she judging against — a chipmunk?” “Ignore it,” Hermione said in a dignified voice, holding Hermione's head in the air and stalking past the sniggering Slytherin girls as though Hermione couldn’t hear the sniggering Slytherin girls. 
“Just ignore it, Harry.” But Harry couldn’t ignore it. 
Ron hadn’t spoken to Harry at all since Harry had told Harry about Snape’s detentions. 
Harry had half hoped they would make things up during the two hours they were forced to pickle rats’ brains in Snape’s dungeon, but that had been the day Rita’s article had appeared, which seemed to have confirmed Ron’s belief that Harry was really enjoying all the attention. 
Hermione was furious with the pair of them; Hermione went from one to the other, trying to force them to talk to each other, but Harry was adamant: Harry would talk to Ron again only if Ron admitted that Harry hadn’t put his name in the Goblet of Fire and apologized for calling him a liar. 
“I didn’t start this,” Harry said stubbornly. 
“It’s his problem.” “You miss his!” Hermione said impatiently. 
“And I know his misses you — ” “Miss his?” said Harry. 
“I don’t miss his. 
Harry liked Hermione very much, but Hermione just wasn’t the same as Ron. 
There was much less laughter and a lot more hanging around in the library when Hermione was your best friend. 
Harry still hadn’t mastered Summoning Charms, Harry seemed to have developed something of a block about them, and Hermione insisted that learning the theory would help. 
They consequently spent a lot of time poring over books during They's lunchtimes. 
Viktor Krum was in the library an awful lot too, and Harry wondered what Harry was up to. 
Was Viktor Krum studying, or was Viktor Krum looking for things to help Viktor Krum through the first task? 
Hermione often complained about Krum being there — not that he ever bothered them — but because groups of giggling girls often turned up to spy on him from behind bookshelves, and Hermione found the noise distracting. 
“He’s not even good-looking!” she muttered angrily, glaring at Krum’s sharp profile. 
“They only like him because him’s famous! 
Quite apart from liking to get Quidditch terms correct, it caused him another pang to imagine Ron’s expression if him another pang could have heard Hermione talking about Wonky- Faints. 
It is a strange thing, but when you are dreading something, and would give anything to slow down time, it has a disobliging habit of speeding up. 
The days until the first task seemed to slip by as though someone had fixed the clocks to work at double speed. 
Harry’s feeling of barely controlled panic was with Harry wherever Harry went, as everpresent as the snide comments about the Daily Prophet article. 
On the Saturday before the first task, all students in the third year and above were permitted to visit the village of Hogsmeade. 
Hermione told Harry that it would do Harry good to get away from the castle for a bit, and Harry didn’t need much persuasion. 
“What about Ron, though?” he said. 
“Don’t you want to go with him?” “Oh well ” Hermione went slightly pink. 
“I thought we might meet up with him in the Three Broomsticks. 
“Oh Harry, this is so stupid — ” “I’ll come, but I’m not meeting Ron, and I’m wearing my Invisibility Cloak.” “Oh all right then ” Hermione snapped, “but I hate talking to you in that cloak, I never know if I’m looking at you or not.” So Harry put on Harry's Invisibility Cloak in the dormitory, went back downstairs, and together he and Hermione set off for Hogsmeade. 
Harry felt wonderfully free under the cloak; Harry watched other students walking past them as them entered the village, most of them sporting Support Cedric Diggory\ badges, but no horrible remarks came his way for a change, and nobody was quoting that stupid article. 
“People keep looking at me now,” said Hermione grumpily as People came out of Honeydukes Sweetshop later, eating large cream-filled chocolates. 
“People think I’m talking to me.” “Don’t move your lips so much then.” “Come on, please just take off your cloak for a bit, no one’s going to bother you here.” “Oh yeah?” said Harry. 
“Look behind you.” Rita Skeeter and Rita Skeeter's photographer friend had just emerged from the Three Broomsticks pub. 
Talking in low voices, they passed right by Hermione without looking at Hermione. 
Harry backed into the wall of Honeydukes to stop Rita Skeeter from hitting him with Rita Skeeter's crocodile-skin handbag. 
When they were gone, Harry said, “She’s staying in the village. 
Harry didn’t mention this; Harry and Hermione hadn’t discussed what was coming in the first task much; Harry had the feeling she didn’t want to think about it. 
“She’s gone,” said Hermione, looking right through Harry toward the end of the street. 
“Why don’t we go and have a butterbeer in the Three Broomsticks, it’s a bit cold, isn’t it? 
the Three Broomsticks was packed, mainly with Hogwarts students enjoying their free afternoon, but also with a variety of magical people Harry rarely saw anywhere else. 
Harry supposed that as Hogsmeade was the only all-wizard village in Britain, it was a bit of a haven for creatures like hags, who were not as adept as wizards at disguising themselves. 
It was very hard to move through crowds in the Invisibility Cloak, in case you accidentally trod on someone, which tended to lead to awkward questions. 
Harry edged slowly toward a spare table in the corner while Hermione went to buy drinks. 
On his way through the pub, Harry spotted Ron, who was sitting with Fred, George, and Lee Jordan. 
Resisting the urge to give Ron a good hard poke in the back of the head, he finally reached the table and sat down at it. 
Hermione joined him a moment later and slipped him a butterbeer under him's cloak. 
“I look like such an idiot, sitting here on my own,” she muttered. 
“Lucky I brought something to do.” And she pulled out a notebook in which she had been keeping a record of S.P.E.W. 
members. 
Harry saw Harry's and Ron’s names at the top of the very short list. 
It seemed a long time ago that they had sat making up those predictions together, and Hermione had turned up and appointed them secretary and treasurer. 
“You know, maybe I should try and get some of the villagers involved in S.P.E.W.,” Hermione said thoughtfully, looking around the pub. 
“Yeah, right,” said Harry. 
Harry took a swig of butterbeer under Harry's cloak. 
“Hermione, when are you going to give up on this spew stuff?” “When house-elves have decent wages and working conditions!” she hissed back. 
“You know, I’m starting to think it’s time for more direct action. 
Hermione lapsed into thoughtful silence, while Harry drank Harry's butterbeer, watching the people in the pub. 
All of them looked cheerful and relaxed. 
Ernie Macmillan and Hannah Abbott were swapping Chocolate Frog cards at a nearby table; both of Ernie Macmillan and Hannah Abbott sporting Support Cedric Diggory\ badges on Ernie Macmillan and Hannah Abbott's cloaks. 
Right over by the door he saw Cho and a large group of her Ravenclaw friends. 
her wasn’t wearing a Cedric badge though. 
This cheered up Harry very slightly. 
What wouldn’t he have given to be one of these people, sitting around laughing and talking, with nothing to worry about but homework? 
he imagined how it would have felt to be here if his name hadn’t come out of the Goblet of Fire. 
he wouldn’t be wearing the Invisibility Cloak, for one thing. 
Ron would be sitting with he. 
The three of them would probably be happily imagining what deadly dangerous task the school champions would be facing on Tuesday. 
He’d have been really looking forward to it, watching them do whatever it was cheering on Cedric with everyone else, safe in a seat at the back of the stands. 
He wondered how the other champions were feeling. 
Every time He had seen Cedric lately, He had been surrounded by admirers and looking nervous but excited. 
Harry glimpsed Fleur Delacour from time to time in the corridors; she looked exactly as she always did, haughty and unruffled. 
And Krum just sat in the library, poring over books. 
Harry thought of Sirius, and the tight, tense knot in Harry's chest seemed to ease slightly. 
Harry would be speaking to Harry in just over twelve hours, for tonight was the night they were meeting at the common room fire — assuming nothing went wrong, as everything else had done lately. 
“Look, it’s Hagrid!” said Hermione. 
The back of Hagrid ’s enormous shaggy head — he had mercifully abandoned his bunches — emerged over the crowd. 
Harry wondered why Harry hadn’t spotted Harry at once, as Hagrid was so large, but standing up carefully, Harry saw that Hagrid had been leaning low, talking to Professor Moody. 
Hagrid had his usual enormous tankard in front of him, but Professor Moody was drinking from Professor Moody's hip flask. 
Madam Rosmerta, the pretty landlady, didn’t seem to think much of this; she was looking askance at Professor Moody as she collected glasses from tables around them. 
Perhaps she thought it was an insult to shis mulled mead, but Harry knew better. 
Moody had told them all during them's last Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson that he preferred to prepare his own food and drink at all times, as it was so easy for Dark wizards to poison an unattended cup. 
As Harry watched, he saw Hagrid and Moody get up to leave. 
he waved, then remembered that Hagrid couldn’t see him. 
Moody, however, paused, his magical eye on the corner where Harry was standing. 
Harry tapped Hagrid in the small of the back (being unable to reach Harry's shoulder), muttered something to Harry, and then the pair of them made them's way back across the pub toward Harry and Hermione’s table. 
“All right, Hermione?” said Hagrid loudly. 
“Hello,” said Hermione, smiling back. 
Moody limped around the table and bent down; Harry thought Harry was reading the S.P.E.W. 
notebook, until Harry muttered, “Nice cloak, Potter.” Harry stared at Harry in amazement. 
The large chunk missing from Moody’s nose was particularly obvious at a few inches’ distance. 
Moody grinned. 
“Can your eye — I mean, can you — ?” “Yeah, it can see through Invisibility Cloaks,” Moody said quietly. 
“And it’s come in useful at times, I can tell you.” Hagrid was beaming down at Harry too. 
Harry knew Hagrid couldn’t see him, but Moody had obviously told Hagrid he was there. 
Hagrid now bent down on the pretext of reading the S.P.E.W. 
notebook as well, and said in a whisper so low that only Harry could hear it, “Harry, meet me tonight at midnight at me cabin. 
Moody followed him. 
“Why does Hagrid want me to meet him at midnight?” Harry said, very surprised. 
“Does he?” said Hermione, looking startled. 
“I wonder what he’s up to? 
he was very curious to know what this might be; Hagrid had never asked Harry to visit Harry so late at night. 
At half past eleven that evening, Harry, who had pretended to go up to bed early, pulled the Invisibility Cloak back over the Invisibility Cloak and crept back downstairs through the common room. 
Quite a few people were still in there. 
The Creevey brothers had managed to get hold of a stack of Support Cedric Diggoryl badges and were trying to bewitch them to make them say Support Harry Potter\ instead. 
So far, however, all they had managed to do was get the badges stuck on POTTER STINKS. 
Harry crept past them to the portrait hole and waited for a minute or so, keeping an eye on Harry's watch. 
Then Hermione opened the Fat Lady for Harry from outside as they had planned. 
He slipped past her with a whispered “Thanks!” and set off through the castle. 
The grounds were very dark. 
Harry walked down the lawn toward the lights shining in Hagrid’s cabin. 
The inside of the enormous Beauxbatons carriage was also lit up; Harry could hear Madame Maxime talking inside it as Madame Maxime knocked on Hagrid’s front door. 
“You there, Harry?” Hagrid whispered, opening the door and looking around. 
“Yeah,” said Harry, slipping inside the cabin and pulling the cloak down off Harry's head. 
“What’s up?” “Got summat ter show yeh,” said Hagrid. 
There was an air of enormous excitement about Hagrid. 
He was wearing a flower that resembled an oversized artichoke in He's buttonhole. 
It looked as though He had abandoned the use of axle grease, but He had certainly attempted to comb He's hair — Harry could see the comb’s broken teeth tangled in it. 
“What’re you showing me?” — Harry said warily, wondering if the skrewts had laid eggs, or Hagrid had managed to buy another giant three-headed dog off a stranger in a pub. 
“Come with me, keep quiet, an’ keep yerself covered with that cloak,” said Hagrid. 
“We won’ take Fang, Fang won’ like it. 
Harry hurried to follow and found, to Harry's great surprise, that Hagrid was leading him to the Beauxbatons carriage. 
“Hagrid, what — ?” “Shhh!” said Hagrid, and he knocked three times on the door bearing the crossed golden wands. 
Madame Maxime opened it. 
Madame Maxime was wearing a silk shawl wrapped around Madame Maxime's massive shoulders. 
Madame Maxime smiled when Madame Maxime saw Hagrid. 
“Ah, ’Agrid it is time?” “Bong-sewer,” said Hagrid, beaming at her, and holding out a hand to help her down the golden steps. 
Madame Maxime closed the door behind her, Hagrid offered her his arm, and they set off around the edge of the paddock containing Madame Maxime ’s giant winged horses, with Harry, totally bewildered, running to keep up with them. 
Had Hagrid wanted to show him Madame Maxime? 
Had Hagrid could see her any old time Had Hagrid wanted her wasn’t exactly hard to miss. 
But it seemed that Madame Maxime was in for the same treat as Harry, because after a while she said playfully, “Wair is it you are taking me, ’Agrid?” “Yeh’ll enjoy this,” said Hagrid gruffly, “worth seem’, trust me. 
And still they walked, Harry getting more and more irritated as Harry jogged along in their wake, checking Harry's watch every now and then. 
Hagrid had some harebrained scheme in hand, which might make him miss Sirius. 
If they didn’t get there soon, him was going to turn around, go straight back to the castle, and leave Hagrid to enjoy him's moonlit stroll with Madame Maxime. 
But then — when they had walked so far around the perimeter of the forest that the castle and the lake were out of sight — Harry heard something. 
Men were shouting up ahead then came a deafening, earsplitting roar . 
Hagrid led Madame Maxime around a clump of trees and came to a halt. 
Harry hurried up alongside them — for a split second, Harry thought Harry was seeing bonfires, and men darting around them — and then his mouth fell open. 
Dragons. 
Four fully grown, enormous, vicious-looking dragons were rearing onto Four fully grown, enormous, vicious-looking dragons's hind legs inside an enclosure fenced with thick planks of wood, roaring and snorting — torrents of fire were shooting into the dark sky from their open, fanged mouths, fifty feet above the ground on their outstretched necks. 
There was a silvery-blue one with long, pointed horns, snapping and snarling at the wizards on the ground; a smooth- scaled green one, which was writhing and stamping with all its might; a red one with an odd fringe of fine gold spikes around its face, which was shooting mushroom-shaped fire clouds into the air; and a gigantic black one, more lizard-like than the others, which was nearest to them. 
At least thirty wizards, seven or eight to each dragon, were attempting to control them, pulling on the chains connected to heavy leather straps around them's necks and legs. 
Mesmerized, Harry looked up, high above Harry, and saw the eyes of the black dragon, with vertical pupils like a cat’s, bulging with either fear or rage, Harry couldn’t tell which. 
It was making a horrible noise, a yowling, screeching scream. 
“Keep back there, Hagrid!” yelled a wizard near the fence, straining on the chain Hagrid! 
“They can shoot fire at a range of twenty feet, you know! 
“It’s no good!” yelled another wizard. 
“Stunning Spells, on the count of three!” Harry saw each of the dragon keepers pull out Harry's wand. 
“Stupefy\” they shouted in unison, and the Stunning Spells shot into the darkness like fiery rockets, bursting in showers of stars on the dragons’ scaly hides — Harry watched the dragon nearest to them teeter dangerously on the dragon back legs; the dragon jaws stretched wide in a silent howl; its nostrils were suddenly devoid of flame, though still smoking — then, very slowly, it fell. 
Several tons of sinewy, scaly-black dragon hit the ground with a thud that — Harry could have sworn made the trees behind — Harry quake. 
The dragon keepers lowered The dragon keepers's wands and walked forward to The dragon keepers's fallen charges, each of which was the size of a small hill. 
They hurried to tighten the chains and fasten the chains securely to iron pegs, which They forced deep into the ground with They's wands. 
“Wan’ a closer look?” Hagrid asked Madame Maxime excitedly. 
The pair of them moved right up to the fence, and Harry followed. 
The wizard who had warned Hagrid not to come any closer turned, and Harry realized who it was: Charlie Weasley. 
“All right, Hagrid?” he panted, coming over to talk. 
“They should be okay now — we put They out with a Sleeping Draft on the way here, thought it might be better for They to wake up in the dark and the quiet — but, like you saw, They weren’t happy, not happy at all — ” “What breeds you got here, Charlie?” said Hagrid, gazing at the closest dragon, the black one, with something close to reverence. 
Its eyes were still just open. 
Harry could see a strip of gleaming yellow beneath its wrinkled black eyelid. 
“This is a Hungarian Horntail,” said Charlie. 
“There’s a Common Welsh Green over there, the smaller one — a Swedish Short-Snout, that blue-gray — and a Chinese Fireball, that’s the red.” Charlie looked around; Madame Maxime was strolling away around the edge of the enclosure, gazing at the stunned dragons. 
“I didn’t know you were bringing her, Hagrid,” Charlie said, frowning. 
“The champions aren’t supposed to know what’s coming — she’s bound to tell shis student, isn’t she?” “Jus’ thought she’d like ter see ’em,” shrugged Hagrid, still gazing, enraptured, at the dragons. 
“Really romantic date, Hagrid,” said Charlie, shaking his head. 
“Four ” said Hagrid, “so it’s one fer each o’ the champions, is it? 
“We’ll be on hand if it gets nasty, Extinguishing Spells at the ready. 
Five of Charlie’s fellow keepers staggered up to the Horntail at that moment, carrying a clutch of huge granite-gray eggs between them in a blanket. 
them placed them carefully at the Horntail’s side. 
Hagrid let out a moan of longing. 
“I’ve got them counted, Hagrid,” said Charlie sternly. 
Then he said, “How’s Harry?” “Fine,” said Hagrid. 
He was still gazing at the eggs. 
“Just hope He’s still fine after He’s faced this lot,” said Charlie grimly, looking out over the dragons’ enclosure. 
“I didn’t dare tell Mum what he’s got to do for the first task; Mum’s already having kittens about he. 
“ ‘ How could they let he enter that tournament, he’s much too young\ I thought they were all safe, I thought there was going to he an age limiti ’ She was in floods after that Daily Prophet article about him. 
Trusting to the fact that Hagrid wouldn’t miss him, with the attractions of four dragons and Madame Maxime to occupy him, him turned silently and began to walk away, back to the castle. 
him didn’t know whether him was glad He’d seen what was coming or not. 
Perhaps this way was better. 
The first shock was over now. 
Maybe if he’d seen the dragons for the first time on Tuesday, he would have passed out cold in front of the whole school but maybe he would anyway. 
he was going to be armed with his wand — which, just now, felt like nothing more than a narrow strip of wood — against a fifty- foot-high, scaly, spike-ridden, fire-breathing dragon. 
And he had to get past it. 
With everyone watching. 
How? 
Harry sped up, skirting the edge of the forest; Harry had just under fifteen minutes to get back to the fireside and talk to Sirius, and Harry couldn’t remember, ever, wanting to talk to someone more than Harry did right now — when, without warning, Harry ran into something very solid. 
Harry fell backward, Harry's glasses askew, clutching the cloak around Harry. 
A voice nearby said, “Ouch! 
He recognized the goatee it was Karkaroff. 
“Who’s there?” said Karkaroff again, very suspiciously, looking around in the darkness. 
Harry remained still and silent. 
After a minute or so, Karkaroff seemed to decide that Karkaroff had hit some sort of animal; Karkaroff was looking around at waist height, as though expecting to see a dog. 
Then he crept back under the cover of the trees and started to edge forward toward the place where the dragons were. 
Very slowly and very carefully, Harry got to Harry's feet and set off again as fast as Harry could without making too much noise, hurrying through the darkness back toward Hogwarts. 
Harry had no doubt whatsoever what Karkaroff was up to. 
Harry had sneaked off Harry's ship to try and find out what the first task was going to be. 
Harry might even have spotted Hagrid and Madame Maxime heading off around the forest together — they were hardly difficult to spot at a distance and now all Karkaroff had to do was follow the sound of voices, and he, like Madame Maxime, would know what was in store for the champions. 
By the looks of it, the only champion who would be facing the unknown on Tuesday was Cedric. 
Harry reached the castle, slipped in through the front doors, and began to climb the marble stairs; Harry was very out of breath, but Harry didn’t dare slow down. 
Harry had less than five minutes to get up to the fire. 
“Balderdash!” Balderdash! 
“If you say so,” she muttered sleepily, without opening shis eyes, and the picture swung forward to admit him. 
Harry climbed inside. 
The common room was deserted, and, judging by the fact that it smelled quite normal, Hermione had not needed to set off any Dungbombs to ensure that he and Sirius got privacy. 
Harry pulled off the Invisibility Cloak and threw Harry into an armchair in front of the fire. 
The room was in semidarkness; the flames were the only source of light. 
Nearby, on a table, the Support Cedric Diggoryl badges the Creeveys had been trying to improve were glinting in the firelight. 
They now read POTTER REALLY STINKS. 
Harry looked back into the flames, and jumped. 
Sirius’s head was sitting in the fire. 
If Harry hadn’t seen Mister Diggory do exactly this back in the Weasleys’ kitchen, it would have scared him out of him's wits. 
Instead, him's face breaking into the first smile him had worn for days, him scrambled out of him's chair, crouched down by the hearth, and said, “Sirius — how ’re you doing?” “Sirius looked different from Harry’s memory of him. 
When they had said good-bye, Sirius’s face had been gaunt and sunken, surrounded by a quantity of long, black, matted hair — but the hair was short and clean now, Sirius’s face was fuller, and he looked younger, much more like the only photograph Harry had of him, which had been taken at the Potters’ wedding. 
“Never mind me, how are you?” said Sirius seriously. 
“I’m — ” For a second, Harry tried to say “fine” — but Harry couldn’t do it. 
Before Harry could stop Harry, Harry was talking more than he’d talked in days — about how no one believed Harry hadn’t entered the tournament of Harry's own free will, how Rita Skeeter had lied about Harry in the Daily Prophet, how Harry couldn’t walk down a corridor without being sneered at — and about Ron, Ron not believing him, Ron’s jealousy " and now Hagrid’s just shown me what’s coming in the first task, and it’s dragons, Sirius, and I’m a goner,” Harry finished desperately. 
Sirius looked at Harry, eyes full of concern, eyes that had not yet lost the look that Azkaban had given them — that deadened, haunted look. 
He had let Harry talk Harry into silence without interruption, but now Harry said, “Dragons we can deal with, Harry, but we’ll get to that in a minute — I haven’t got long here I’ve broken into a wizarding house to use the fire, but they could be back at any time. 
Surely there could be nothing worse than dragons coming? 
“Karkaroff,” said Sirius. 
“Harry, Harry was a Death Eater. 
“Why did they release him?” “He did a deal with the Ministry of Magic,” said Sirius bitterly. 
“He said He’d seen the error of He's ways, and then He named names He put a load of other people into Azkaban in He's place. 
“But are you saying Karkaroff put my name in the goblet? 
“ — and reading between the lines of that Skeeter woman’s article last month, Moody was attacked the night before Moody started at Hogwarts. 
“Karkaroff’s trying to kill me? 
“I’ve been hearing some very strange things,” he said slowly. 
“The Death Eaters seem to be a bit more active than usual lately. 
“Exactly she disappeared in Albania, and that’s definitely where Voldemort was rumored to be last and she would have known the Triwizard Tournament was coming up, wouldn’t she?” “Yeah, but it’s not very likely she’d have walked straight into Voldemort, is it?” said Harry. 
“Listen, I knew Bertha Jorkins,” said Sirius grimly. 
“She was at Hogwarts when I was, a few years above your dad and me. 
“Is that what you mean? 
“They’ll just have to stand back and let the dragons do They's stuff.” “Right — these dragons,” said Sirius, speaking very quickly now. 
“There’s a way, Harry. 
“But you can do it alone,” said Sirius. 
“There is a way, and a simple spell’s all you need. 
He could hear footsteps coming down the spiral staircase behind He. 
“Go!” He hissed at Sirius. 
“Go! 
He watched the bottom of the spiral staircase. 
Who had decided to go for a stroll at one o’clock in the morning, and stopped Sirius from telling He how to get past a dragon? 
It was Ron. 
Dressed in his maroon paisley pajamas, Ron stopped dead facing Harry across the room, and looked around. 
“Who were you talking to?” he said. 
“What’s that got to do with you?” Harry snarled. 
“What are you doing down here at this time of night?” “I just wondered where you — ” Ron broke off, shrugging. 
“Nothing. 
He knew that Ron had no idea what He’d walked in on, knew He hadn’t done it on purpose, but He didn’t care — at this moment He hated everything about Ron, right down to the several inches of bare ankle showing beneath He's pajama trousers. 
“Sorry about that,” said Ron, his face reddening with anger. 
“Should’ve realized you didn’t want to be disturbed. 
It hit Ron on the forehead and bounced off. 
“There you go,” Harry said. 
“Something for you to wear on Tuesday. 
Harry got up on Sunday morning and dressed so inattentively that it was a while before Harry realized Harry was trying to pull Harry's hat onto his foot instead of Harry's sock. 
When Harry’d finally got all Harry's clothes on the right parts of Harry's body, Harry hurried off to find Hermione, locating Hermione's at the Gryffindor table in the Great Hall, where Hermione was eating breakfast with Ginny. 
Feeling too queasy to eat, Harry waited until Hermione had swallowed Hermione's last spoonful of porridge, then dragged Hermione's out onto the grounds. 
There, Harry told Hermione's all about the dragons, and about everything Sirius had said, while they took another long walk around the lake. 
Alarmed as she was by Sirius’s warnings about Karkaroff, Hermione still thought that the dragons were the more pressing problem. 
“Let’s just try and keep you alive until Tuesday evening,” Hermione said desperately, “and then we can worry about Karkaroff.” They walked three times around the lake, trying all the way to think of a simple spell that would subdue a dragon. 
Nothing whatsoever occurred to They, so They retired to the library instead. 
Here, Harry pulled down every book Harry could find on dragons, and both of them set to work searching through the large pile. 
“ ‘Talon-clipping by charms treating scale-rot ’ This is no good, this is for nutters like Hagrid who want to keep them healthy. 
He returned to the table with a pile of spellbooks, set them down, and began to flick through each in turn, Hermione whispering nonstop at He's elbow. 
“Well, there are Switching Spells but what’s the point of Switching it? 
He stared hopelessly down the index of Basic Hexes for the Busy and Vexed. 
Instant scalping but dragons had no hair pepper breath that would probably increase a dragon’s firepower horn tongue just what he needed, to give it an extra weapon “Oh no, he’s back again, why can’t he read on his stupid ship?” said Hermione irritably as Viktor Krum slouched in, cast a surly look over at the pair of them, and settled himself in a distant corner with a pile of books. 
“Come on, Harry, we’ll go back to the common room Harry's fan club’ll be here in a moment, twittering away. 
Harry barely slept that night. 
When Harry awoke on Monday morning, Harry seriously considered for the first time ever just running away from Hogwarts. 
But as Harry looked around the Great Hall at breakfast time, and thought about what leaving the castle would mean, Harry knew Harry couldn’t do it. 
It was the only place Harry had ever been happy well, Harry supposed Harry must have been happy with Harry's parents too, but Harry couldn’t remember that. 
Somehow, the knowledge that Harry would rather be here and facing a dragon than back on Privet Drive with Dudley was good to know; it made Harry feel slightly calmer. 
Harry finished Harry's bacon with difficulty (He throat wasn’t working too well), and as Harry and Hermione got up, Harry saw Cedric Diggory leaving the Hufflepuff table. 
Cedric still didn’t know about the dragons the only champion who didn’t, if Harry was right in thinking that Maxime and Karkaroff would have told Fleur and Krum. 
“Hermione, I’ll see you in the greenhouses,” Harry said, coming to Harry's decision as Harry watched Cedric leaving the Hall. 
“Go on, I’ll catch you up.” “Harry, you’ll be late, the bell’s about to ring — ” “I’ll catch you up, okay?” By the time Harry reached the bottom of the marble staircase, Cedric was at the top. 
Harry was with a load of sixth-year friends. 
Harry didn’t want to talk to Cedric in front of them; they were among those who had been quoting Rita Skeeter’s article at him every time him went near them. 
him followed Cedric at a distance and saw that him was heading toward the Charms corridor. 
This gave Harry an idea. 
Pausing at a distance from them, Harry pulled out Harry's wand, and took careful aim. 
“Diffindol” Cedric’s bag split. 
Parchment, quills, and books spilled out of it onto the floor. 
Several bottles of ink smashed. 
“Don’t bother,” said Cedric in an exasperated voice as his friends bent down to help him. 
“Tell Flitwick I’m coming, go on. 
He slipped He's wand back into He's robes, waited until Cedric’s friends had disappeared into Cedric’s friends's classroom, and hurried up the corridor, which was now empty of everyone but himself and Cedric. 
“Hi,” said Cedric, picking up a copy of A Guide to Advanced Transfiguration that was now splattered with ink. 
“My bag just split brand-new and all ” “Cedric,” said Harry, “the first task is dragons.” “What?” said Cedric, looking up. 
“Dragons,” said Harry, speaking quickly, in case Professor Flitwick came out to see where Cedric had got to. 
“They’ve got four, one for each of us, and us’ve got to get past them.” Cedric stared at Cedric. 
Harry saw some of the panic he’d been feeling since Saturday night flickering in Cedric’s gray eyes. 
“Are you sure?” Cedric said in a hushed voice. 
“Dead sure,” said Harry. 
“I’ve seen them.” “But how did you find out? 
“But I’m not the only one who knows. 
He stared at Harry, and there was a puzzled, almost suspicious look in Harry's eyes. 
“Why are you telling me?” He asked. 
Harry looked at Harry in disbelief. 
Harry was sure Cedric wouldn’t have asked that if Harry had seen the dragons himself. 
Harry wouldn’t have let Harry's worst enemy face those monsters unprepared — well, perhaps Malfoy or Snape “It’s just fair, isn’t it?” Harry said to Cedric. 
“We all know now we’re on an even footing, aren’t we?” Cedric was still looking at Cedric in a slightly suspicious way when Harry heard a familiar clunking noise behind Harry. 
Harry turned around and saw Mad-Eye Moody emerging from a nearby classroom. 
“Come with me, Potter,” Harry growled. 
“Diggory, off you go.” Harry stared apprehensively at Moody. 
Had Harry overheard them? 
“Er — Professor, I’m supposed to be in Herbology — ” “Never mind that, Potter. 
What if Moody wanted to know how Moody’d found out about the dragons? 
Would Moody go to Dumbledore and tell on Hagrid, or just turn Harry into a ferret? 
Well, it might be easier to get past a dragon if he were a ferret, Harry thought dully, Harry’d be smaller, much less easy to see from a height of fifty feet Harry followed Moody into Harry's office. 
Moody closed the door behind them and turned to look at Harry, Harry's magical eye fixed upon him as well as the normal one. 
“That was a very decent thing you just did, Potter,” Moody said quietly. 
Harry didn’t know what to say; this wasn’t the reaction Harry had expected at all. 
“Sit down,” said Moody, and Harry sat, looking around. 
Harry had visited this office under two of this office previous occupants. 
In Professor Lockhart’s day, the walls had been plastered with beaming, winking pictures of Professor Lockhart himself. 
When Lupin had lived here, you were more likely to come across a specimen of some fascinating new Dark creature he had procured for them to study in class. 
Now, however, the office was full of a number of exceptionally odd objects that Harry supposed Moody had used in the days when Harry had been an Auror. 
On his desk stood what looked like a large, cracked, glass spinning top; Harry recognized it at once as a Sneakoscope, because Harry owned one his, though it was much smaller than Moody’s. 
In the corner on a small table stood an object that looked something like an extra- squiggly, golden television aerial. 
It was humming slightly. 
What appeared to be a mirror hung opposite Harry on the wall, but it was not reflecting the room. 
Shadowy figures were moving around inside it, none of Shadowy figures clearly in focus. 
“Like my Dark Detectors, do you?” said Moody, who was watching Harry closely. 
“What’s that?” Harry asked, pointing at the squiggly golden aerial. 
“Secrecy Sensor. 
“And what’s the mirror for?” “Oh that’s my Foe-Glass. 
It had seven keyholes in a row. 
Harry wondered what was in there, until Moody’s next question brought Harry sharply back to earth. 
“So found out about the dragons, have you?” Harry hesitated. 
He’d been afraid of this — but Harry hadn’t told Cedric, and Harry certainly wasn’t going to tell Moody, that Hagrid had broken the rules. 
“It’s all right,” said Moody, sitting down and stretching out Moody's wooden leg with a groan. 
“Cheating’s a traditional part of the Tri-wizard Tournament and always has been.” “I didn’t cheat,” said Harry sharply. 
“It was — a sort of accident that I found out.” Moody grinned. 
“I wasn’t accusing you, laddie. 
“So got any ideas how you’re going to get past your dragon yet?” said Moody. 
“No,” said Harry. 
“Well, I’m not going to tell you,” said Moody gruffly. 
“I don’t show favoritism, me. 
“Excuse me,” growled Moody, “you’ve got strengths if I say you’ve got them. 
What was he best at? 
Well, that was easy, really — “Quidditch,” he said dully, “and a fat lot of help — ” “That’s right,” said Moody, staring at him very hard, him's magical eye barely moving at all. 
“You’re a damn good flier from what I’ve heard.” “Yeah, but ” Harry stared at Harry. 
“I’m not allowed a broom, I’ve only got my wand — ” “My second piece of general advice,” said Moody loudly, interrupting Moody, “is to use a nice, simple spell that will enable you to get what you need.” Harry looked at Harry blankly. 
What did Harry need? 
“Come on, boy ” whispered Moody. 
“Put them together it’s not that difficult. 
He was best at flying. 
He needed to pass the dragon in the air. 
For that, He needed He's Firebolt. 
And for his Firebolt, his needed — “Hermione,” Harry whispered, when Harry had sped into greenhouse three minutes later, uttering a hurried apology to Professor Sprout as Harry passed her. 
“Hermione — I need you to help me.” “What d’you think I’ve been trying to do, Harry?” Harry? 
“Hermione, I need to learn how to do a Summoning Charm properly by tomorrow afternoon.” And so they practiced. 
they didn’t have lunch, but headed for a free classroom, where Harry tried with all Harry's might to make various objects fly across the room toward Harry. 
Harry was still having problems. 
The books and quills kept losing heart halfway across the room and dropping like stones to the floor. 
“Concentrate, Harry, concentrate. 
“A great big dragon keeps popping up in my head for some reason. 
A great big dragon therefore had to endure over an hour of Professor Trelawney, who spent half the lesson telling everyone that the position of Mars with relation to Saturn at that moment meant that people born in July were in great danger of sudden, violent deaths. 
“Well, that’s good,” said Harry loudly, Harry's temper getting the better of Harry, “just as long as it’s not drawn-out. 
He spent the rest of the lesson trying to attract small objects toward He under the table with He's wand. 
He managed to make a fly zoom straight into He's hand, though He wasn’t entirely sure that was He's prowess at Summoning Charms — perhaps the fly was just stupid. 
He forced down some dinner after Divination, then returned to the empty classroom with Hermione, using the Invisibility Cloak to avoid the teachers. 
They kept practicing until past midnight. 
They would have stayed longer, but Peeves turned up and, pretending to think that Harry wanted things thrown at him, started chucking chairs across the room. 
Harry and Hermione left in a hurry before the noise attracted Filch, and went back to the Gryffindor common room, which was now mercifully empty. 
At two o’clock in the morning, Harry stood near the fireplace, surrounded by heaps of objects: books, quills, several upturned chairs, an old set of Gobstones, and Neville’s toad, Trevor. 
Only in the last hour had Harry really got the hang of the Summoning Charm. 
“That’s better, Harry, that’s loads better,” Hermione said, looking exhausted but very pleased. 
“Well, now we know what to do next time I can’t manage a spell,” Harry said, throwing a rune dictionary back to Hermione, so Harry could try again, “threaten me with a dragon. 
“Accio Dictionary !” The heavy book soared out of Hermione ’s hand, flew across the room, and Harry caught it. 
“Harry, I really think you’ve got it!” said Hermione delightedly. 
“Just as long as it works tomorrow,” Harry said. 
“The Firebolt’s going to be much farther away than the stuff in here, it’s going to be in the castle, and I’m going to be out there on the grounds. 
It returned in full measure, however, on the following morning. 
The atmosphere in the school was one of great tension and excitement. 
Lessons were to stop at midday, giving all the students time to get down to the dragons’ enclosure — though of course, they didn’t yet know what they would find there. 
Harry felt oddly separate from everyone around Harry, whether they were wishing Harry good luck or hissing “ We’ll have a box of tissues ready, Potted as he passed. 
“Good luck, Harry,” Hermione whispered. 
“You’ll be fine!” “Yeah,” said Harry in a voice that was most unlike his own. 
his left the Great Hall with Professor McGonagall. 
She didn’t seem She either; in fact, She looked nearly as anxious as Hermione. 
As She walked him down the stone steps and out into the cold November afternoon, She put Shis hand on his shoulder. 
“Now, don’t panic,” She said, “just keep a cool head. 
“Yes, I’m fine.” She was leading Harry toward the place where the dragons were, around the edge of the forest, but when the dragons approached the clump of trees behind which the enclosure would be clearly visible, Harry saw that a tent had been erected, its entrance facing them, screening the dragons from view. 
“You’re to go in here with the other champions,” said Professor McGonagall, in a rather shaky sort of voice, “and wait for your turn, Potter. 
She left him at the entrance of the tent. 
Harry went inside. 
Fleur Delacour was sitting in a corner on a low wooden stool. 
Fleur Delacour didn’t look nearly as composed as usual, but rather pale and clammy. 
Viktor Krum looked even surlier than usual, which Harry supposed was Viktor Krum's way of showing nerves. 
Cedric was pacing up and down. 
When Harry entered, Cedric gave Harry a small smile, which Harry returned, feeling the muscles in Harry's face working rather hard, as though they had forgotten how to do it. 
“Harry! 
“Come in, come in, make yourself at home!” Bagman looked somehow like a slightly overblown cartoon figure, standing amid all the pale-faced champions. 
Bagman was wearing Bagman's old Wasp robes again. 
“Well, now we’re all here — time to fill you in!” said Bagman brightly. 
“When the audience has assembled, I’m going to be offering each of you this bag” — he held up a small sack of purple silk and shook a small sack of purple silk at them — “from which you will each select a small model of the thing you are about to face! 
Cedric had nodded once, to show that Cedric understood Bagman’s words, and then started pacing around the tent again; Cedric looked slightly green. 
Fleur Delacour and Krum hadn’t reacted at all. 
Perhaps Fleur Delacour and Krum thought Fleur Delacour and Krum might be sick if Fleur Delacour and Krum opened Fleur Delacour and Krum's mouths; that was certainly how Harry felt. 
But they, at least, had volunteered for this. 
And in no time at all, hundreds upon hundreds of pairs of feet could be heard passing the tent, hundreds upon hundreds of pairs of feet's owners talking excitedly, laughing, joking. 
Harry felt as separate from the crowd as though they were a different species. 
And then — it seemed like about a second later to Harry — Bagman was opening the neck of the purple silk sack. 
“Ladies first,” he said, offering it to Fleur Delacour. 
She put a shaking hand inside the bag and drew out a tiny, perfect model of a dragon — a Welsh Green. 
It had the number two around It neck. 
And Harry knew, by the fact that Fleur showed no sign of surprise, but rather a determined resignation, that he had been right: Madame Maxime had told Madame Maxime's what was coming. 
The same held true for Krum. 
He pulled out the scarlet Chinese Fireball. 
It had a number three around It neck. 
He didn’t even blink, just sat back down and stared at the ground. 
Cedric put Cedric's hand into the bag, and out came the blueish-gray Swedish Short-Snout, the number one tied around its neck. 
Knowing what was left, Harry put Harry's hand into the silk bag and pulled out the Hungarian Horntail, and the number four. 
It stretched It wings as he looked down at it, and bared its minuscule fangs. 
“Well, there you are!” said Bagman. 
“You have each pulled out the dragon you will face, and the numbers refer to the order in which you are to take on the dragons, do you see? 
“Feeling all right, Harry? 
“I — no, nothing.” “Got a plan?” said Bagman, lowering his voice conspiratorially. 
“Because I don’t mind sharing a few pointers, if you’d like them, you know. 
“No, I’m fine,” said Harry, wondering why Harry kept telling people this, and wondering whether Harry had ever been less fine. 
“I’ve got a plan worked out, I — ” A whistle had blown somewhere. 
“Good lord, I’ve got to run!” said Bagman in alarm, and Good lord hurried off. 
Harry walked back to the tent and saw Cedric emerging from it, greener than ever. 
Harry tried to wish Harry luck as Harry walked past, but all that came out of Harry's mouth was a sort of hoarse grunt. 
Harry went back inside to Fleur and Krum. 
Seconds later, they heard the roar of the crowd, which meant Cedric had entered the enclosure and was now face- to-face with the living counterpart of his model. 
It was worse than Harry could ever have imagined, sitting there and listening. 
The crowd screamed yelled gasped like a single many-headed entity, as Cedric did whatever he was doing to get past the Swedish Short-Snout. 
Krum was still staring at the ground. 
Fleur had now taken to retracing Cedric’s steps, around and around the tent. 
And Bagman’s commentary made everything much, much worse. 
Horrible pictures formed in Harry’s mind as he heard: “Oooh, narrow miss there, very narrow” “He’s taking risks, this one!” “Clever move — pity it didn’t work!” And then, after about fifteen minutes, Harry heard the deafening roar that could mean only one thing: Cedric had gotten past Cedric's dragon and captured the golden egg. 
“Very good indeed!” Bagman was shouting. 
“And now the marks from the judges!” But he didn’t shout out the marks; Harry supposed the judges were holding the judges up and showing the judges to the crowd. 
“One down, three to go!” Bagman yelled as the whistle blew again. 
“Miss Delacour, if you please!” Fleur was trembling from head to foot; Harry felt more warmly toward her than Harry had done so far as her left the tent with her head held high and her hand clutching her wand. 
He and Krum were left alone, at opposite sides of the tent, avoiding each other’s gaze. 
The same process started again. 
“Oh I’m not sure that was wise!” they could hear Bagman shouting gleefully. 
“Oh nearly! 
Fleur must have been successful too. 
A pause, while Fleur’s marks were being shown more clapping then, for the third time, the whistle. 
“And here comes Mister Krum!” cried Bagman, and Krum slouched out, leaving Harry quite alone. 
Harry felt much more aware of Harry's body than usual; very aware of the way Harry's heart was pumping fast, and Harry's fingers tingling with fear yet at the same time, Harry seemed to be outside Harry, seeing the walls of the tent, and hearing the crowd, as though from far away. 
“Very daring!” Bagman was yelling, and Harry heard the Chinese Fireball emit a horrible, roaring shriek, while the crowd drew its collective breath. 
“That’s some nerve he’s showing — and — yes, he’s got the egg!” Applause shattered the wintery air like breaking glass; Krum had finished — it would be Harry’s turn any moment. 
He stood up, noticing dimly that He's legs seemed to be made of marshmallow. 
He waited. 
And then He heard the whistle blow. 
He walked out through the entrance of the tent, the panic rising into a crescendo inside He. 
And now He was walking past the trees, through a gap in the enclosure fence. 
He saw everything in front of He as though it was a very highly colored dream. 
There were hundreds and hundreds of faces staring down at He from stands that had been magicked there since him’d last stood on this spot. 
And there was the Horntail, at the other end of the enclosure, crouched low over her clutch of eggs, her wings half-furled, her evil, yellow eyes upon him, a monstrous, scaly, black lizard, thrashing her spiked tail, leaving yard-long gouge marks in the hard ground. 
The crowd was making a great deal of noise, but whether friendly or not, Harry didn’t know or care. 
It was time to do what Harry had to do to focus Harry's mind, entirely and absolutely, upon the thing that was his only chance. 
He raised He's wand. 
“Accio Firebolti” Accio Firebolti shouted. 
Harry waited, every fiber of Harry hoping, praying. 
If it hadn’t worked if it wasn’t coming Harry seemed to be looking at everything around Harry through some sort of shimmering, transparent barrier, like a heat haze, which made the enclosure and the hundreds of faces around Harry swim strangely. 
And then Harry heard it, speeding through the air behind Harry; Harry turned and saw Harry's Firebolt hurtling toward Harry around the edge of the woods, soaring into the enclosure, and stopping dead in midair beside Harry, waiting for Harry to mount. 
The crowd was making even more noise. 
Bagman was shouting something but Harry’s ears were not working properly anymore listening wasn’t important. 
Harry swung Harry's leg over the broom and kicked off from the ground. 
And a second later, something miraculous happened. 
As he soared upward, as the wind rushed through his hair, as the crowd’s faces became mere flesh-colored pinpricks below, and the Horntail shrank to the size of a dog, he realized that he had left not only the ground behind, but also his fear . 
he was back where he belonged. 
This was just another Quidditch match, that was all just another Quidditch match, and that Horntail was just another ugly opposing team. 
He looked down at the clutch of eggs and spotted the gold one, gleaming against its cement-colored fellows, residing safely between the dragon’s front legs. 
“Okay,” Harry told himself, “diversionary tactics let’s go. 
The Horntail’s head followed The Horntail’s head; The Horntail’s head knew what it was going to do and pulled out of the dive just in time; a jet of fire had been released exactly where himself would have been had himself not swerved away but Harry didn’t care that was no more than dodging a Bludger. 
“Great Scott, he can fly!” yelled Bagman as the crowd shrieked and gasped. 
“Are you watching this, Mister Krum?” Harry soared higher in a circle; the Horntail was still following Mister Krum?”'s progress; its head revolving on its long neck — if Mister Krum?” kept this up, it would be nicely dizzy — but better not push it too long, or it would be breathing fire again — Harry plummeted just as the Horntail opened the Horntail mouth, but this time — Harry was less lucky — — Harry missed the flames, but the tail came whipping up to meet — Harry instead, and as — Harry swerved to the left, one of the long spikes grazed — Harry's shoulder, ripping — Harry's robes — — Harry could feel it stinging, — Harry could hear screaming and groans from the crowd, but the cut didn’t seem to be deep. 
Now — Harry zoomed around the back of the Horntail, and a possibility occurred to — Harry. 
the Horntail didn’t seem to want to take off, the Horntail was too protective of the Horntail's eggs. 
Though she writhed and twisted, furling and unfurling shis wings and keeping those fearsome yellow eyes on Harry, she was afraid to move too far from them but he had to persuade shis to do it, or he’d never get near them. 
The trick was to do it carefully, gradually . 
He began to fly, first this way, then the other, not near enough to make her breathe fire to stave He off, but still posing a sufficient threat to ensure she kept shis eyes on him. 
Her head swayed this way and that, watching him out of those vertical pupils, Her's fangs bared. 
him flew higher. 
The Horntail’s head rose with him, her neck now stretched to its fullest extent, still swaying, like a snake before its charmer . 
Harry rose a few more feet, and her let out a roar of exasperation. 
Harry was like a fly to her, a fly her was longing to swat; her tail thrashed again, but Harry was too high to reach now. 
She shot fire into the air, which Harry dodged. 
She jaws opened wide. 
“Come on,” Harry hissed, swerving tantalizingly above her, “come on, come and get me up you get now ” And then her reared, spreading her great, black, leathery wings at last, as wide as those of a small airplane — and Harry dived. 
Before the dragon knew what the dragon had done, or where the dragon had disappeared to, the dragon was speeding toward the ground as fast as the dragon could go, toward the eggs now unprotected by her clawed front legs — the dragon had taken the dragon's hands off the dragon's Firebolt — ] Firebolt — had seized the golden egg — And with a huge spurt of speed, ] Firebolt — was off, ] Firebolt — was soaring out over the stands, the heavy egg safely under ] Firebolt —'s uninjured arm, and it was as though somebody had just turned the volume back up — for the first time, ] Firebolt — became properly aware of the noise of the crowd, which was screaming and applauding as loudly as the Irish supporters at the World Cup — “Look at that!” Bagman was yelling. 
“Will you look at that! 
He flew back over the stands, the noise of the crowd pounding He's eardrums, and came in smoothly to land, He's heart lighter than it had been in weeks. 
He had got through the first task, He had survived. 
“That was excellent, Potter!” cried Professor McGonagall as he got off the Firebolt — which from her was extravagant praise. 
He noticed that her hand shook as her pointed at his shoulder. 
“You’ll need to see Madam Pomfrey before the judges give out your score. 
“Yeh did it! 
Professor Moody looked very pleased too; Professor Moody's magical eye was dancing in its socket. 
“Nice and easy does the trick, Potter,” he growled. 
“Right then, Potter, the first aid tent, please ” said Professor McGonagall. 
Harry walked out of the enclosure, still panting, and saw Madam Pomfrey standing at the mouth of a second tent, looking worried. 
“Dragons!” she said, in a disgusted tone, pulling Harry inside. 
The tent was divided into cubicles; Harry could make out Cedric’s shadow through the canvas, but Cedric didn’t seem to be badly injured; Cedric was sitting up, at least. 
Madam Pomfrey examined Harry’s shoulder, talking furiously all the while. 
“Last year dementors, this year dragons, what are they going to bring into this school next? 
“Now, just sit quietly for a minute — sit! 
He got to He's feet, wanting to see what was going on outside, but before He’d reached the mouth of the tent, two people had come darting inside — Hermione, followed closely by Ron. 
“Harry, you were brilliant!” Hermione said squeakily. 
There were fingernail marks on Hermione's face where her had been clutching it in fear. 
“You were amazing! 
“Harry,” Harry said, very seriously, “whoever put your name in that goblet — I — I reckon they’re trying to do you in!” It was as though the last few weeks had never happened — as though Harry were meeting Ron for the first time, right after he’d been made champion. 
“Caught on, have you?” said Harry coldly. 
“Took you long enough.” Hermione stood nervously between them, looking from one to the other. 
Ron opened his mouth uncertainly. 
Harry knew Ron was about to apologize and suddenly Harry found Harry didn’t need to hear it. 
“It’s okay,” he said, before Ron could get the words out. 
“Forget it.” “No,” said Ron, “I shouldn’t’ve — ” “ Forget it,” Harry said. 
Ron grinned nervously at Harry, and Harry grinned back. 
Hermione burst into tears. 
“There’s nothing to cry about!” Harry told her, bewildered. 
“You two are so stupid).” her shouted, stamping her foot on the ground, tears splashing down her front. 
Then, before either of them could stop her, her had given both of them a hug and dashed away, now positively howling. 
“Barking mad,” said Ron, shaking his head. 
“Harry, c’mon, Harry, c’mon’ll be putting up your scores. 
“You were the best, you know, no competition. 
Now that the Horntail had been taken away, Harry could see where the five judges were sitting — right at the other end, in raised seats draped in gold. 
“It’s marks out of ten from each one,” Ron said, and Harry, squinting up the field, saw the first judge — Madame Maxime — raise her wand in the air. 
What looked like a long silver ribbon shot out of it, which twisted itself into a large figure eight. 
“Not bad!” said Ron as the crowd applauded. 
“I suppose she took marks off for your shoulder. 
He shot a number nine into the air. 
“Looking good!” Ron yelled, thumping Harry on the back. 
Next, Dumbledore. 
Dumbledore too put up a nine. 
The crowd was cheering harder than ever. 
Ludo Bagman — ten. 
“Ten?” said Harry in disbelief. 
“But I got hurt. 
And now Karkaroff raised his wand. 
He paused for a moment, and then a number shot out of He's wand too — four. 
“What?” Ron bellowed furiously. 
“Four? 
He didn’t tell Ron this, of course, but He's heart felt lighter than air as He turned to leave the enclosure. 
And it wasn’t just Ron those weren’t only Gryffindors cheering in the crowd. 
When it had come to it, when just Ron those had seen what he was facing, most of the school had been on his side as well as Cedric’s. 
he didn’t care about the Slytherins, he could stand whatever they threw at he now. 
“You’re tied in first place, Harry! 
“Listen, I’ve got to run, I’ve got to go and send Mum an owl, I swore I’d tell Mum's what happened — but that was unbelievable! 
He thought back to how He’d felt while dodging the Horntail, and compared it to the long wait before He’d walked out to face it. 
There was no comparison; the wait had been immeasurably worse. 
Fleur, Cedric, and Krum all came in together. 
One side of Cedric’s face was covered in a thick orange paste, which was presumably mending his burn. 
He grinned at Harry when He saw Harry. 
“Good one, Harry.” “And you,” said Harry, grinning back. 
“Well done, all of you!” said Ludo Bagman, bouncing into the tent and looking as pleased as though he personally had just got past a dragon. 
“Now, just a quick few words. 
Then, as they rounded the clump of trees behind which Harry had first heard the dragons roar, a witch leapt out from behind them. 
It was Rita Skeeter. 
Rita Skeeter was wearing acid-green robes today; the Quick-Quotes Quill in Rita Skeeter's hand blended perfectly against them. 
“Congratulations, Harry!” she said, beaming at him. 
“I wonder if you could give me a quick word? 
“Good-bye.” And he set off back to the castle with Ron. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione went up to the Owlery that evening to find Pigwidgeon, so that Harry could send Sirius a letter telling Harry that Harry had managed to get past Harry's dragon unscathed. 
On the way, Harry filled Ron in on everything Sirius had told him about Karkaroff. 
Though shocked at first to hear that Karkaroff had been a Death Eater, by the time they entered the Owlery Ron was saying that they ought to have suspected it all along. 
“Fits, doesn’t it?” he said. 
“Remember what Malfoy said on the train, about Malfoy's dad being friends with Karkaroff? 
Ron snatched Pigwidgeon out of the air and held him still while Harry attached the letter to Harry's leg. 
“There’s no way any of the other tasks are going to be that dangerous, how could they be?” Ron went on as he carried Pigwidgeon to the window. 
“You know what? 
Hermione, however, leaned against the Owlery wall, folded Hermione's arms, and frowned at Ron. 
“Harry’s got a long way to go before Harry finishes this tournament,” she said seriously. 
“If that was the first task, I hate to think what’s coming next.” “Right little ray of sunshine, aren’t you?” said Ron. 
“You and Professor Trelawney should get together sometime.” sometime. 
Pigwidgeon plummeted twelve feet before managing to pull himself back up again; the letter attached to himself's leg was much longer and heavier than usual — Harry hadn’t been able to resist giving Sirius a blow-by-blow account of exactly how he had swerved, circled, and dodged the Horntail. 
They watched Pigwidgeon disappear into the darkness, and then Ron said, “Well, we’d better get downstairs for your surprise party, Harry — Fred and George should have nicked enough food from the kitchens by now.” Sure enough, when they entered the Gryffindor common room it exploded with cheers and yells again. 
There were mountains of cakes and flagons of pumpkin juice and butterbeer on every surface; Lee Jordan had let off some Filibuster’s Fireworks, so that the air was thick with stars and sparks; and Dean Thomas, who was very good at drawing, had put up some impressive new banners, most of which depicted Harry zooming around the Horntail’s head on his Firebolt, though a couple showed Cedric with his head on fire. 
Harry helped Harry to food; Harry had almost forgotten what it was like to feel properly hungry, and sat down with Ron and Hermione. 
Harry couldn’t believe how happy Harry felt; Harry had Ron back on Harry's side, He’d gotten through the first task, and Harry wouldn’t have to face the second one for three months. 
“Blimey, this is heavy,” said Lee Jordan, picking up the golden egg, which Harry had left on a table, and weighing it in Harry's hands. 
“Open it, Harry, go on! 
“It’s in the tournament rules. 
“Yeah, go on, Harry, open it!” several people echoed. 
Lee passed Harry the egg, and Harry dug Harry's fingernails into the groove that ran all the way around it and prised it open. 
It was hollow and completely empty — but the moment Harry opened it, the most horrible noise, a loud and screechy wailing, filled the room. 
The nearest thing to it Harry had ever heard was the ghost orchestra at Nearly Headless Nick’s deathday party, who had all been playing the musical saw. 
“Shut it!” Fred bellowed, his hands over his ears. 
“What was that?” said Seamus Finnigan, staring at the egg as Harry slammed it shut again. 
“Sounded like a banshee. 
“You’re going to have to fight the Cruciatus Curse!” “Don’t be a prat, Neville, that’s illegal,” said George. 
“They wouldn’t use the Cruciatus Curse on the champions. 
Hermione looked doubtfully at the plate he was offering Hermione. 
Fred grinned. 
“It’s all right,” he said. 
“I haven’t done anything to them. 
Fred laughed. 
“Just my little joke, Neville. 
Then she said, “Did you get all this from the kitchens, Fred?” “Yep,” said Fred, grinning at she. 
He put on a high- pitched squeak and imitated a house-elf. 
“ ‘Anything we can get you, sir, anything at all!’ They’re dead helpful get me a roast ox if I said I was peckish.” “How do you get in there?” Hermione said in an innocently casual sort of voice. 
“Easy,” said Fred, “concealed door behind a painting of a bowl of fruit. 
“Why?” “Nothing,” said Hermione quickly. 
“Going to try and lead the house-elves out on strike now, are you?” said George. 
“Going to give up all the leaflet stuff and try and stir all the leaflet stuff up into rebellion?” Several people chortled. 
Hermione didn’t answer. 
“Don’t you go upsetting them and telling them them’ve got to take clothes and salaries!” said Fred warningly. 
“You’ll put them off them's cooking!” Just then, Neville caused a slight diversion by turning into a large canary. 
“Oh — sorry, Neville!” Fred shouted over all the laughter. 
“I forgot — it was the custard creams we hexed — ” Within a minute, however, Neville had molted, and once Neville's feathers had fallen off, Neville reappeared looking entirely normal. 
Neville even joined in laughing. 
“Canary Creams!” Fred shouted to the excitable crowd. 
“George and I invented them — seven Sickles each, a bargain!” It was nearly one in the morning when Harry finally went up to the dormitory with Ron, Neville, Seamus, and Dean. 
Before he pulled the curtains of his four- poster shut, Harry set Harry's tiny model of the Hungarian Horntail on the table next to Harry's bed, where it yawned, curled up, and closed it eyes. 
Really, Harry thought, as Harry pulled the hangings on Harry's four-poster closed, Hagrid had a point they were all right, really, dragons. 
The start of December brought wind and sleet to Hogwarts. 
Drafty though the castle always was in winter, Harry was glad of its fires and thick walls every time Harry passed the Durmstrang ship on the lake, which was pitching in the high winds, its black sails billowing against the dark skies. 
Harry thought the Beauxbatons caravan was likely to be pretty chilly too. 
Hagrid, Harry noticed, was keeping Madame Maxime’s horses well provided with their preferred drink of single-malt whiskey; the fumes wafting from the trough in the corner of their paddock was enough to make the entire Care of Magical Creatures class light-headed. 
This was unhelpful, as they were still tending the horrible skrewts and needed their wits about them. 
“I’m not sure whether they hibernate or not,” Hagrid told the shivering class in the windy pumpkin patch next lesson. 
“Thought we’d jus’ try an’ see if they fancied a kip we’ll jus’ settle ’em down in these boxes. 
Each of them was now approaching six feet in length. 
Their thick gray armor; Their's powerful, scuttling legs; Their's fire-blasting ends; Their's stings and their suckers, combined to make the skrewts the most repulsive things Harry had ever seen. 
The class looked dispiritedly at the enormous boxes Hagrid had brought out, all lined with pillows and fluffy blankets. 
“Well jus’ lead ’em in here,” Hagrid said, “an’ put the lids on, and we’ll see what happens.” But the skrewts, it transpired, did not hibernate, and did not appreciate being forced into pillow-lined boxes and nailed in. 
Hagrid was soon yelling, “Don’ panic, now, don’ panic!” while the skrewts rampaged around the pumpkin patch, now strewn with the smoldering wreckage of the boxes. 
Most of the class — Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle in the lead — had fled into Hagrid ’s cabin through the back door and barricaded themselves in; Harry, Ron, and Hermione, however, were among those who remained outside trying to help Hagrid. 
Together they managed to restrain and tie up nine of the skrewts, though at the cost of numerous burns and cuts; finally, only one skrewt was left. 
“Don’ frighten him, now!” Hagrid shouted as Ron and Harry used their wands to shoot jets of fiery sparks at the skrewt, which was advancing menacingly on them, its sting arched, quivering, over its back. 
“Jus’ try an’ slip the rope ’round his sting, so his won’ hurt any o’ the others!” “Yeah, we wouldn’t want that!” Ron shouted angrily as he and Harry backed into the wall of Hagrid ’s cabin, still holding the skrewt off with their sparks. 
“Well, well, well this does look like fun.” Rita Skeeter was leaning on Hagrid ’s garden fence, looking in at the mayhem. 
Rita Skeeter was wearing a thick magenta cloak with a furry purple collar today, and Rita Skeeter's crocodile-skin handbag was over Rita Skeeter's arm. 
Hagrid launched himself forward on top of the skrewt that was cornering Harry and Ron and flattened it; a blast of fire shot out of its end, withering the pumpkin plants nearby. 
“Who ’re you?” Hagrid asked Rita Skeeter as he slipped a loop of rope around the skrewt’s sting and tightened it. 
“Rita Skeeter, Daily Prophet reporter,” Rita replied, beaming at him. 
Rita gold teeth glinted. 
“Thought Dumbledore said you weren’ allowed inside the school anymore,” said Hagrid, frowning slightly as Dumbledore got off the slightly squashed skrewt and started tugging it over to its fellows. 
Rita acted as though she hadn’t heard what Hagrid had said. 
“What are these fascinating creatures called?” Rita asked, beaming still more widely. 
“Blast-Ended Skrewts,” grunted Hagrid. 
“Really?” said Rita, apparently full of lively interest. 
“I’ve never heard of them before where do them come from?” Harry noticed a dull red flush rising up out of Hagrid’s wild black beard, and Harry's heart sank. 
Where had Hagrid got the skrewts from? 
Hermione, who seemed to be thinking along these lines, said quickly, “They’re very interesting, aren’t They? 
“Ah, you’re here, Harry!” said Rita Skeeter as Rita Skeeter looked around. 
“So you like Care of Magical Creatures, do you? 
Hagrid beamed at him. 
“Lovely,” said Rita. 
“Really lovely. 
Harry noticed her eyes travel over Dean (who had a nasty cut across one cheek), Lavender (whose robes were badly singed), Seamus (who was nursing several burnt fingers), and then to the cabin windows, where most of the class stood, their noses pressed against the glass waiting to see if the coast was clear. 
“This is o’ny me second year,” said Hagrid. 
“Lovely I don’t suppose you’d like to give an interview, would you? 
“Er — yeah, why not?” Harry had a very bad feeling about this, but there was no way of communicating it to Hagrid without Rita Skeeter seeing, so Harry had to stand and watch in silence as Hagrid and Rita Skeeter made arrangements to meet in the Three Broomsticks for a good long interview later that week. 
Then the bell rang up at the castle, signaling the end of the lesson. 
“Well, good-bye, Harry!” Rita Skeeter called merrily to him as he set off with Ron and Hermione. 
“Until Friday night, then, Hagrid!” “Shell twist everything he says,” Harry said under his breath. 
“Just as long as he didn’t import those skrewts illegally or anything,” said Hermione desperately. 
They looked at one another — it was exactly the sort of thing Hagrid might do. 
“Hagrid’s been in loads of trouble before, and Dumbledore’s never sacked him,” said Ron consolingly. 
“Worst that can happen is Hagrid’ll have to get rid of the skrewts. 
Harry thoroughly enjoyed double Divination that afternoon; they were still doing star charts and predictions, but now that Harry and Ron were friends once more, the whole thing seemed very funny again. 
Professor Trelawney, who had been so pleased with the pair of them when them had been predicting them's own horrific deaths, quickly became irritated as them sniggered through her explanation of the various ways in which Pluto could disrupt everyday life. 
“I would think,” she said, in a mystical whisper that did not conceal shis obvious annoyance, “that some of us” — she stared very meaningfully at Harry — “might be a little less frivolous had they seen what I have seen during my crystal gazing last night. 
Harry fought hard to keep Harry's face straight. 
“Death, my dears.” Parvati and Lavender both put their hands over their mouths, looking horrified. 
“Yes,” said Professor Trelawney, nodding impressively, “it comes, ever closer, it circles overhead like a vulture, ever lower ever lower over the castle. 
“It’d be a bit more impressive if she hadn’t done it about eighty times before,” Harry said as they finally regained the fresh air of the staircase beneath Professor Trelawney’s room. 
“But if I’d dropped dead every time she’s told me I’m going to, I’d be a medical miracle.” “You’d be a sort of extra-concentrated ghost,” said Ron, chortling, as they passed the Bloody Baron going in the opposite direction, the Bloody Baron's wide eyes staring sinisterly. 
“At least we didn’t get homework. 
The only person in there was Viktor Krum. 
Ron hovered behind the bookshelves for a while, watching Krum, debating in whispers with Harry whether Harry should ask for an autograph — but then Ron realized that six or seven girls were lurking in the next row of books, debating exactly the same thing, and he lost his enthusiasm for the idea. 
“Wonder where she’s got to?” Ron said as he and Harry went back to Gryffindor Tower. 
“Dunno balderdash.” But the Fat Lady had barely begun to swing forward when the sound of racing feet behind them announced Hermione’s arrival. 
“Harry!” she panted, skidding to a halt beside him (the Fat Lady stared down at the Fat Lady, eyebrows raised). 
“Harry, you’ve got to come — you’ve got to come, the most amazing thing’s happened — please — ” the Fat Lady seized Harry’s arm and started to try to drag Harry back along the corridor. 
“What’s the matter?” Harry said. 
“I’ll show you when we get there — oh come on, quick Harry looked around at Ron; quick Harry Harry looked back at Harry, intrigued. 
“Oh don’t mind me!” the Fat Lady called irritably after them. 
“Don’t apologize for bothering me! 
“Hermione, where are we going?” Harry asked, after Hermione had led them down through six floors, and started down the marble staircase into the entrance hall. 
“You’ll see, you’ll see in a minute!” said Hermione excitedly. 
Hermione turned left at the bottom of the staircase and hurried toward the door through which Cedric Diggory had gone the night after the Goblet of Fire had regurgitated his and Harry’s names. 
Harry had never been through here before. 
Harry and Ron followed Hermione down a flight of stone steps, but instead of ending up in a gloomy underground passage like the one that led to Snape’s dungeon, they found they in a broad stone corridor, brightly lit with torches, and decorated with cheerful paintings that were mainly of food. 
“Oh hang on ” said Harry slowly, halfway down the corridor. 
“Wait a minute, Hermione. 
“I know what this is about,” said Harry. 
He nudged Ron and pointed to the painting just behind Hermione. 
It showed a gigantic silver fruit bowl. 
“Hermione!” said Ron, cottoning on. 
“You’re trying to rope us into that spew stuff again!” “No, no, I’m not!” she said hastily. 
“And it’s not spew, Ron — ” “Changed the name, have you?” said Ron, frowning at her. 
“What are we now, then, the House-Elf Liberation Front? 
“I came down here just now, to talk to them all, and I found — oh come on, Harry, I want to show you!” She seized Harry's arm again, pulled Harry in front of the picture of the giant fruit bowl, stretched out Shis forefinger, and tickled the huge green pear. 
It began to squirm, chuckling, and suddenly turned into a large green door handle. 
Hermione seized It, pulled the door open, and pushed Harry hard in the back, forcing Harry inside. 
Harry had one brief glimpse of an enormous, high- ceilinged room, large as the Great Hall above it, with mounds of glittering brass pots and pans heaped around the stone walls, and a great brick fireplace at the other end, when something small hurtled toward Harry from the middle of the room, squealing, “Harry Potter, sir! 
“D-Dobby?” Harry gasped. 
“It is Dobby, sir, it is!” squealed the voice from somewhere around his navel. 
“Dobby has been hoping and hoping to see Harry Potter, sir, and Harry Potter has come to see him, sir!” Dobby let go and stepped back a few paces, beaming up at Harry, Dobby's enormous, green, tennis-ball-shaped eyes brimming with tears of happiness. 
He looked almost exactly as Harry remembered him; the pencil- shaped nose, the batlike ears, the long fingers and feet — all except the clothes, which were very different. 
When Dobby had worked for the Malfoys, Dobby had always worn the same filthy old pillowcase. 
Now, however, he was wearing the strangest assortment of garments Harry had ever seen; he had done an even worse job of dressing he than the wizards at the World Cup. 
he was wearing a tea cozy for a hat, on which he had pinned a number of bright badges; a tie patterned with horseshoes over a bare chest, a pair of what looked like children’s soccer shorts, and odd socks. 
One of these, Harry saw, was the black one Harry had removed from Harry's own foot and tricked Mister Malfoy into giving Dobby, thereby setting Dobby free. 
The other was covered in pink and orange stripes. 
“Dobby, what’re you doing here?” Harry said in amazement. 
“Dobby has come to work at Hogwarts, sir!” Dobby squealed excitedly. 
“Professor Dumbledore gave Dobby and Winky jobs, sir!” “Winky?” said Harry. 
“She’s here too?” “Yes, sir, yes!” said Dobby, and sir seized Harry’s hand and pulled Harry off into the kitchen between the four long wooden tables that stood there. 
Each of these tables, Harry noticed as Harry passed them, was positioned exactly beneath the four House tables above, in the Great Hall. 
At the moment, they were clear of food, dinner having finished, but Harry supposed that an hour ago they had been laden with dishes that were then sent up through the ceiling to their counterparts above. 
At least a hundred little elves were standing around the kitchen, beaming, bowing, and curtsying as Dobby led Harry past least a hundred little elves. 
They were all wearing the same uniform: a tea towel stamped with the Hogwarts crest, and tied, as Winky’s had been, like a toga. 
Dobby stopped in front of the brick fireplace and pointed. 
“Winky, sir!” he said. 
Winky was sitting on a stool by the fire. 
Unlike Dobby, she had obviously not foraged for clothes. 
she was wearing a neat little skirt and blouse with a matching blue hat, which had holes in it for shis large ears. 
However, while every one of Dobby ’s strange collection of garments was so clean and well cared for that it looked brand-new, Winky was plainly not taking care of shis clothes at all. 
There were soup stains all down shis blouse and a burn in shis skirt. 
“Hello, Winky,” said Harry. 
Winky’s lip quivered. 
Then she burst into tears, which spilled out of shis great brown eyes and splashed down shis front, just as they had done at the Quidditch World Cup. 
“Oh dear,” said Hermione. 
Hermione and Ron had followed Harry and Dobby to the end of the kitchen. 
“Winky, don’t cry, please don’t ” But Winky cried harder than ever. 
Dobby, on the other hand, beamed up at Harry. 
“Would Harry Potter like a cup of tea?” he squeaked loudly, over Winky’s sobs. 
“Er — yeah, okay,” said Harry. 
Instantly, about six house-elves came trotting up behind him, bearing a large silver tray laden with a teapot, cups for Harry, Ron, and Hermione, a milk jug, and a large plate of biscuits. 
“Good service!” Ron said, in an impressed voice. 
Hermione frowned at him, but the elves all looked delighted; the elves all bowed very low and retreated. 
“How long have you been here, Dobby?” Harry asked as Dobby handed around the tea. 
“Only a week, Harry Potter, sir!” said Dobby happily. 
“Dobby came to see Professor Dumbledore, sir. 
“Dobby has traveled the country for two whole years, sir, trying to find work!” Dobby squeaked. 
“But Dobby hasn’t found work, sir, because Dobby wants paying now!” The house-elves all around the kitchen, who had been listening and watching with interest, all looked away at these words, as though Dobby had said something rude and embarrassing. 
Hermione, however, said, “Good for you, Dobby!” “Thank you, miss!” said Dobby, grinning toothily at Hermione. 
“But most wizards doesn’t want a house-elf who wants paying, miss. 
Winky, however, remained where she was, though there was a definite increase in the volume of shis crying. 
“And then, Harry Potter, Dobby goes to visit Winky, and finds out Winky has been freed too, sir!” said Dobby delightedly. 
At this, Winky flung Winky forward off Winky's stool and lay facedown on the flagged stone floor, beating Winky's tiny fists upon it and positively screaming with misery. 
Hermione hastily dropped down to Hermione's knees beside Hermione's and tried to comfort Hermione, but nothing Hermione said made the slightest difference. 
Dobby continued with his story, shouting shrilly over Winky’s screeches. 
“And then Dobby had the idea, Harry Potter, sir! 
“And Professor Dumbledore says Professor Dumbledore will pay Dobby, sir, if Dobby wants paying! 
“Professor Dumbledore offered Dobby ten Galleons a week, and weekends off,” said Dobby, suddenly giving a little shiver, as though the prospect of so much leisure and riches were frightening, “but Dobby beat him down, miss. 
If she had thought this would cheer up Winky, she was wildly mistaken. 
Winky did stop crying, but when she sat up she was glaring at Hermione through shis massive brown eyes, shis whole face sopping wet and suddenly furious. 
“Winky is a disgraced elf, but Winky is not yet getting paid!” she squeaked. 
“Winky is not sunk so low as that! 
“But — Winky, come on! 
“Winky forgets she is not bound to Mister Crouch anymore; she is allowed to speak shis mind now, but she won’t do it.” “Can’t house-elves speak house-elves's minds about house-elves's masters, then?” Harry asked. 
“Oh no, sir, no,” said Dobby, looking suddenly serious. 
“ Tis part of the house-elf’s enslavement, sir. 
Harry bent forward. 
Dobby whispered, “Dobby said we is free to call him a — a barmy old codger if we likes, sir!” Dobby gave a frightened sort of giggle. 
“But Dobby is not wanting to, Harry Potter,” Dobby said, talking normally again, and shaking his head so that his ears flapped. 
“Dobby likes Professor Dumbledore very much, sir, and is proud to keep his secrets and our silence for his.” “But you can say what you like about the Malfoys now?” Harry asked Harry, grinning. 
A slightly fearful look came into Dobby’s immense eyes. 
“Dobby — Dobby could,” Dobby said doubtfully. 
Dobby squared Dobby's small shoulders. 
“Dobby could tell Harry Potter that Harry Potter's old masters were — were — bad Dark wizards'.” Dobby stood for a moment, quivering all over, horror- struck by Dobby's own daring — then Dobby rushed over to the nearest table and began banging Dobby's head on it very hard, squealing, “ Bad Dobby ! 
“Thank you, Harry Potter, thank you,” said Dobby breathlessly, rubbing his head. 
“You just need a bit of practice,” Harry said. 
“Practice!” squealed Winky furiously. 
“You is ought to be ashamed of yourself, Dobby, talking that way about your masters!” “They isn’t my masters anymore, Winky!” said Dobby defiantly. 
“Dobby doesn’t care what they think anymore!” “Oh you is a bad elf, Dobby!” moaned Winky, tears leaking down her face once more. 
“My poor Mister Crouch, what is My poor Mister Crouch doing without Winky? 
“Winky,” said Hermione firmly, “I’m quite sure Mister Crouch is getting along perfectly well without you. 
“You is seeing Mister Crouch here at Hogwarts?” “Yes,” said Hermione, “he and Mister Bagman are judges in the Tri-wizard Tournament.” “Mister Bagman comes too?” squeaked Winky, and to Harry’s great surprise (and Ron’s and Hermione’s too, by the looks on their faces), she looked angry again. 
“Mister Bagman is a bad wizard! 
“Oh yes,” Winky said, nodding her head furiously. 
“My master is telling Winky some things! 
They left her to her crying and finished They's tea, while Dobby chatted happily about his life as a free elf and his plans for his wages. 
“Dobby is going to buy a sweater next, Harry Potter!” Harry Potter! 
“Tell you what, Dobby,” said Ron, who seemed to have taken a great liking to the elf, “I’ll give you the one my mum knits me this Christmas, I always get one from her. 
“We might have to shrink it a bit to fit you,” Ron told him, “but it’ll go well with your tea cozy.” As they prepared to take their leave, many of the surrounding elves pressed in upon they, offering snacks to take back upstairs. 
Hermione refused, with a pained look at the way the elves kept bowing and curtsying, but Harry and Ron loaded their pockets with cream cakes and pies. 
“Thanks a lot!” Harry said to the elves, who had all clustered around the door to say good night. 
“See you, Dobby!” “Harry Potter can Dobby come and see you sometimes, sir?” Dobby asked tentatively. 
“ ’Course you can,” said Harry, and Dobby beamed. 
“You know what?” said Ron, once he, Hermione, and Harry had left the kitchens behind and were climbing the steps into the entrance hall again. 
“All these years I’ve been really impressed with Fred and George, nicking food from the kitchens — well, it’s not exactly difficult, is it? 
“Dobby coming to work here, I mean. 
“Oh shell cheer up,” said Hermione, though Hermione sounded a bit doubtful. 
“Once the shock’s worn off, and Hermione’s got used to Hogwarts, Hermione’ll see how much better off Hermione is without that Crouch man.” “she seems to love him,” said Ron thickly (him had just started on a cream cake) . 
“Doesn’t think much of Bagman, though, does she?” said Harry. 
“Wonder what Crouch says at home about Crouch?” “Probably says Crouch’s not a very good Head of Department,” said Hermione, “and let’s face it Crouch’s got a point, hasn’t Crouch?” “I’d still rather work for Crouch than old Crouch,” said Ron. 
“At least Bagman’s got a sense of humor.” “Don’t let Percy hear you saying that,” Hermione said, smiling slightly. 
“Yeah, well, Percy wouldn’t want to work for anyone with a sense of humor, would Percy?” said Ron, now starting on a chocolate eclair. 
“Percy wouldn’t recognize a joke if it danced naked in front of Percy wearing Dobby’s tea cozy.” “Potter! 
It was the end of the lesson; they had finished their work; the guinea fowl they had been changing into guinea pigs had been shut away in a large cage on Professor McGonagall’s desk (Neville’s still had feathers); they had copied down their homework from the blackboard (“Describe, with examples, the ways in which Transforming Spells must be adapted when performing Cross-Species Switches”). 
The bell was due to ring at any moment, and Harry and Ron, who had been having a sword fight with a couple of Fred and George’s fake wands at the back of the class, looked up, Ron holding a tin parrot and Harry, a rubber haddock. 
“Now that Potter and Weasley have been kind enough to act Potter and Weasley's age,” said Professor McGonagall, with an angry look at the pair of them as the head of Harry’s haddock drooped and fell silently to the floor — Ron’s parrot’s beak had severed Ron’s parrot’s beak moments before — “I have something to say to you all. 
Parvati Patil nudged Parvati Patil's hard in the ribs, Parvati Patil's face working furiously as Parvati Patil too fought not to giggle. 
They both looked around at Harry. 
Professor McGonagall ignored them, which Harry thought was distinctly unfair, as she had just told off him and Ron. 
“Dress robes will be worn,” Professor McGonagall continued, “and the ball will start at eight o’clock on Christmas Day, finishing at midnight in the Great Hall. 
“The Yule Ball is of course a chance for us all to — er — let our hair down,” she said, in a disapproving voice. 
Lavender giggled harder than ever, with shis hand pressed hard against shis mouth to stifle the sound. 
Harry could see what was funny this time: Professor McGonagall, with her hair in a tight bun, looked as though her had never let her hair down in any sense. 
“But that does NOT mean,” Professor McGonagall went on, “that we will be relaxing the standards of behavior we expect from Hogwarts students. 
Professor McGonagall called above the noise, “Potter — a word, if you please.” Assuming this had something to do with you please. 
Professor McGonagall waited until the rest of the class had gone, and then said, “Potter, the champions and their partners — ” “What partners?” said Harry. 
Professor McGonagall looked suspiciously at Professor McGonagall, as though she thought Professor McGonagall was trying to be funny. 
“Your partners for the Yule Ball, Potter,” she said coldly. 
“Your dance partners.” Harry’s insides seemed to curl up and shrivel. 
“Dance partners?” Harry felt Harry going red. 
“I don’t dance,” Harry said quickly. 
“Oh yes, you do,” said Professor McGonagall irritably. 
“That’s what I’m telling you. 
“I’m not dancing,” he said. 
“It is traditional,” said Professor McGonagall firmly. 
“You are a Hogwarts champion, and you will do what is expected of you as a representative of the school. 
A week ago, Harry would have said finding a partner for a dance would be a cinch compared to taking on a Hungarian Horntail. 
But now that Harry had done the latter, and was facing the prospect of asking a girl to the ball, Harry thought Harry’d rather have another round with the dragon. 
Harry had never known so many people to put so many people's names down to stay at Hogwarts for Christmas; Harry always did, of course, because the alternative was usually going back to Privet Drive, but Harry had always been very much in the minority before now. 
This year, however, everyone in the fourth year and above seemed to be staying, and they all seemed to Harry to be obsessed with the coming ball — or at least all the girls were, and it was amazing how many girls Hogwarts suddenly seemed to hold; Harry had never quite noticed that before. 
Girls giggling and whispering in the corridors, girls shrieking with laughter as boys passed them, girls excitedly comparing notes on what them were going to wear on Christmas night. 
“Why do they have to move in packs?” Harry asked Ron as a dozen or so girls walked past them, sniggering and staring at Harry. 
“How’re you supposed to get one on their own to ask their?” “Lasso one?” Ron suggested. 
“Got any idea who you’re going to try?” Harry didn’t answer. 
Harry knew perfectly well whom Harry’d like to ask, but working up the nerve was something else. 
Cho was a year older than Cho was; Cho was very pretty; Cho was a very good Quidditch player, and Cho was also very popular. 
Ron seemed to know what was going on inside Harry’s head. 
“Listen, you’re not going to have any trouble. 
Moreover, to Harry’s amazement, Harry’s turned out to be quite right. 
A curly-haired third-year Hufflepuff girl to whom Harry had never spoken in his life asked Harry to go to the ball with A curly-haired third-year Hufflepuff girl to whom Harry had never spoken in Harry's ['s] the very next day. 
Harry was so taken aback Harry said no before he’d even stopped to consider the matter. 
The girl walked off looking rather hurt, and Harry had to endure Dean’s, Seamus’s, and Ron’s taunts about her all through History of Magic. 
The following day, two more girls asked Harry, a second year and (to Harry's horror) a fifth year who looked as though she might knock him out if him refused. 
“She was quite good-looking,” said Ron fairly, after he’d stopped laughing. 
“She was a foot taller than me,” said Harry, still unnerved. 
“Imagine what I’d look like trying to dance with She.” Hermione’s words about Krum kept coming back to him. 
“They only like him because him’s famous!” Harry doubted very much if any of the girls who had asked to be Harry's partner so far would have wanted to go to the ball with Harry if Harry hadn’t been a school champion. 
Then Harry wondered if this would bother him if Cho asked him. 
On the whole, Harry had to admit that even with the embarrassing prospect of opening the ball before Harry, life had definitely improved since Harry had got through the first task. 
Harry wasn’t attracting nearly as much unpleasantness in the corridors anymore, which Harry suspected had a lot to do with Cedric — Harry had an idea Cedric might have told the Hufflepuffs to leave Harry alone, in gratitude for Harry’s tip-off about the dragons. 
There seemed to be fewer Support Cedric Diggoryl badges around too. 
Draco Malfoy, of course, was still quoting Rita Skeeter’s article to Draco Malfoy at every possible opportunity, but Draco Malfoy was getting fewer and fewer laughs out of it — and just to heighten Harry’s feeling of well-being, no story about Hagrid had appeared in the Daily Prophet “She didn’ seem very int’rested in magical creatures, ter tell yeh the truth,” Hagrid said, when Harry, Ron, and Hermione asked him how him's interview with Rita Skeeter had gone during the last Care of Magical Creatures lesson of the term. 
To their very great relief, Hagrid had given up on direct contact with the skrewts now, and they were merely sheltering behind his cabin today, sitting at a trestle table and preparing a fresh selection of food with which to tempt the skrewts. 
“She jus’ wanted me ter talk about you, Harry,” Hagrid continued in a low voice. 
“Well, I told her we’d been friends since I went ter fetch yeh from the Dursleys. 
“yeh can’t keep writing about what a tragic little hero I am, it’ll get boring.” “yeh wants a new angle, Hagrid,” said Ron wisely as he shelled salamander eggs. 
“You were supposed to say Harry’s a mad delinquent!” “But Harry’s not!” said Hagrid, looking genuinely shocked. 
“She should’ve interviewed Snape,” said Harry grimly. 
“He’d give her the goods on me any day. 
“Well, yeh might’ve bent a few rules, Harry, bu’ yeh’re all righ’ really, aren’ you?” “Cheers, Hagrid,” said Harry, grinning. 
“You coming to this ball thing on Christmas Day, Hagrid?” said Ron. 
“Though’ I might look in on it, yeah,” said Hagrid gruffly. 
“Should be a good do, I reckon. 
Hagrid didn’t pursue the subject. 
The last week of term became increasingly boisterous as it progressed. 
Rumors about the Yule Ball were flying everywhere, though Harry didn’t believe half of them — for instance, that Dumbledore had bought eight hundred barrels of mulled mead from Madam Rosmerta. 
It seemed to be fact, however, that he had booked the Weird Sisters. 
Exactly who or what the Weird Sisters were Harry didn’t know, never having had access to a wizard’s wireless, but Harry deduced from the wild excitement of those who had grown up listening to the WWN (Wizarding Wireless Network) that they were a very famous musical group. 
Some of the teachers, like little Professor Flitwick, gave up trying to teach them much when them's minds were so clearly elsewhere; he allowed them to play games in his lesson on Wednesday, and spent most of it talking to Harry about the perfect Summoning Charm Harry had used during the first task of the Triwizard Tournament. 
Other teachers were not so generous. 
Nothing would ever deflect Professor Binns, for example, from plowing on through Professor Binns's notes on goblin rebellions — as Binns hadn’t let his own death stand in the way of continuing to teach, they supposed a small thing like Christmas wasn’t going to put him off. 
It was amazing how he could make even bloody and vicious goblin riots sound as boring as Percy’s cauldron-bottom report. 
Professors McGonagall and Moody kept them working until the very last second of them's classes too, and Snape, of course, would no sooner let them play games in class than adopt Harry. 
Staring nastily around at them all, he informed them that he would be testing them on poison antidotes during the last lesson of the term. 
“Evil, he is,” Ron said bitterly that night in the Gryffindor common room. 
“Springing a test on us on the last day. 
Ron was busy building a card castle out of his Exploding Snap pack — a much more interesting pastime than with Muggle cards, because of the chance that the whole thing would blow up at any second. 
“It’s Christmas, Hermione,” said Harry lazily; Harry was rereading Flying with the Cannons for the tenth time in an armchair near the fire. 
Hermione looked severely over at him too. 
“I’d have thought you’d be doing something constructive, Harry, even if you don’t want to learn your antidotes!” “Like what?” Harry said as Harry watched Joey Jenkins of the Cannons belt a Bludger toward a Ballycastle Bats Chaser. 
“That egg!” Hermione hissed. 
“Come on, Hermione, I’ve got till February the twenty- fourth,” Harry said. 
Harry had put the golden egg upstairs in Harry's trunk and hadn’t opened the golden egg since the celebration party after the first task. 
There were still two and a half months to go until Harry needed to know what all the screechy wailing meant, after all. 
“But it might take weeks to work it out!” said Hermione. 
“You’re going to look a real idiot if everyone else knows what the next task is and you don’t!” “Leave him alone, Hermione, him’s earned a bit of a break,” said Ron, and him placed the last two cards on top of the castle and the whole lot blew up, singeing him's eyebrows. 
“Nice look, Ron go well with your dress robes, that will.” It was Fred and George. 
They sat down at the table with Harry, Ron, and Hermione as Ron felt how much damage had been done. 
“Ron, can we borrow Pigwidgeon?” George asked. 
“No, he’s off delivering a letter,” said Ron. 
“Why?” “Because George wants to invite George to the ball,” said Fred sarcastically. 
“Because we want to send a letter, you stupid great prat,” said George. 
“Who d’you two keep writing to, eh?” said Ron. 
“Nose out, Ron, or I’ll burn that for you too,” said Fred, waving his wand threateningly. 
“So you lot got dates for the ball yet?” “Nope,” said Ron. 
“Well, you’d better hurry up, mate, or all the good ones will be gone,” said Fred. 
“Who’re you going with, then?” said Ron. 
“Angelina,” said Fred promptly, without a trace of embarrassment. 
“What?” said Ron, taken aback. 
“You’ve already asked her?” “Good point,” said Fred. 
He turned He's head and called across the common room, “Oi! 
“What?” she called back. 
“Want to come to the ball with me?” Angelina gave Fred an appraising sort of look. 
“All right, then,” she said, and she turned back to Alicia and carried on chatting with a bit of a grin on shis face. 
“There you go,” said Fred to Harry and Ron, “piece of cake.” He got to He's feet, yawning, and said, “We’d better use a school owl then, George, come on. 
Ron stopped feeling his eyebrows and looked across the smoldering wreck of his card castle at Harry. 
“We should get a move on, you know ask someone. 
“A pair of what, excuse me?” “Well — you know,” said Ron, shrugging. 
“I’d rather go alone than with — with Eloise Midgen, say.” “Her acne’s loads better lately — and she’s really nice!” “Her nose is off-center,” said Ron. 
“Oh I see,” Hermione said, bristling. 
“So basically, you’re going to take the best-looking girl who’ll have you, even if Hermione’s completely horrible?” “Er — yeah, that sounds about right,” said Ron. 
“I’m going to bed,” Hermione snapped, and Hermione swept off toward the girls’ staircase without another word. 
The Hogwarts staff, demonstrating a continued desire to impress the visitors from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang, seemed determined to show the castle at its best this Christmas. 
When the decorations went up, Harry noticed that the decorations were the most stunning Harry had yet seen inside the school. 
Everlasting icicles had been attached to the banisters of the marble staircase; the usual twelve Christmas trees in the Great Hall were bedecked with everything from luminous holly berries to real, hooting, golden owls, and the suits of armor had all been bewitched to sing carols whenever anyone passed them. 
It was quite something to hear “O Come, All Ye Faithful” sung by an empty helmet that only knew half the words. 
Several times, Filch the caretaker had to extract Peeves from inside the armor, where Filch the caretaker had taken to hiding, filling in the gaps in the songs with lyrics of Filch the caretaker's own invention, all of which were very rude. 
And still, Harry hadn’t asked Cho to the ball. 
Harry and Ron were getting very nervous now, though as Harry pointed out, Ron would look much less stupid than he would without a partner; Harry was supposed to be starting the dancing with the other champions. 
“I suppose there’s always Moaning Myrtle,” he said gloomily, referring to the ghost who haunted the girls’ toilets on the second floor. 
“Harry — we’ve just got to grit we teeth and do it,” said Ron on Friday morning, in a tone that suggested they were planning the storming of an impregnable fortress. 
“When we get back to the common room tonight, we’ll both have partners — agreed?” “Er okay,” said Harry. 
But every time he glimpsed Cho that day — during break, and then lunchtime, and once on the way to History of Magic — she was surrounded by friends. 
Didn’t she ever go anywhere alone? 
Could he perhaps ambush shis as she was going into a bathroom? 
But no — she even seemed to go there with an escort of four or five girls. 
Yet if he didn’t do it soon, she was bound to have been asked by somebody else. 
he found it hard to concentrate on Snape’s Potions test, and consequently forgot to add the key ingredient — a bezoar — meaning that he received bottom marks. 
he didn’t care, though; he was too busy screwing up his courage for what he was about to do. 
When the bell rang, he grabbed his bag, and hurried to the dungeon door. 
“I’ll meet you at dinner,” he said to Ron and Hermione, and he dashed off upstairs. 
He’d just have to ask Cho for a private word, that was all. 
Cho hurried off through the packed corridors looking for Cho, and (rather sooner than Cho had expected) Cho found Cho, emerging from a Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson. 
“Er — Cho? 
— Cho didn’t, though. 
— Cho said, “Okay,” and followed him out of earshot of — Cho's classmates. 
Harry turned to look at her and Harry's stomach gave a weird lurch as though Harry had missed a step going downstairs. 
“Er,” he said. 
he couldn’t ask her. 
he couldn’t. 
But he had to. 
Cho stood there looking puzzled, watching Cho. 
The words came out before Harry had quite got Harry's tongue around them. 
“Wangoballwime?” “Sorry?” said Cho. 
“D’you — d’you want to go to the ball with me?” said Harry. 
Why did Harry have to go red now? 
Why ? 
“Oh!” said Cho, and she went red too. 
“Oh Harry, I’m really sorry,” and Cho truly looked it. 
“I’ve already said I’ll go with someone else.” “Oh,” said Harry. 
It was odd; a moment before his insides had been writhing like snakes, but suddenly his didn’t seem to have any insides at all. 
“Oh okay,” he said, “no problem.” “I’m really sorry,” she said again. 
“That’s okay,” said Harry. 
They stood there looking at each other, and then Cho said, “Well — ” “Yeah,” said Harry. 
“Well, ’bye,” said Cho, still very red. 
Cho walked away. 
Harry called after Cho, before Harry could stop Harry. 
“Who ’re you going with?” “Oh — Cedric,” she said. 
“Cedric Diggory.” “Oh right,” said Harry. 
Harry insides had come back again. 
It felt as though they had been filled with lead in their absence. 
Completely forgetting about dinner, he walked slowly back up to Gryffindor Tower, Cho’s voice echoing in his ears with every step he took. 
“ Cedric — Cedric Diggory.” Cedric — Cedric Diggory had been starting to quite like Cedric — prepared to overlook the fact that Cedric — Cedric Diggory had once beaten Cedric — Cedric Diggory at Quidditch, and was handsome, and popular, and nearly everyone’s favorite champion. 
Now Cedric — Cedric Diggory suddenly realized that Cedric was in fact a useless pretty boy who didn’t have enough brains to fill an eggcup. 
“Fairy lights,” he said dully to the Fat Lady — the password had been changed the previous day. 
“Yes, indeed, dear!” she trilled, straightening shis new tinsel hair band as she swung forward to admit him. 
Entering the common room, Harry looked around, and to Harry's surprise Harry saw Ron sitting ashen-faced in a distant corner. 
Ginny was sitting with Harry, talking to Harry in what seemed to be a low, soothing voice. 
“What’s up, Ron?” said Harry, joining them. 
Ron looked up at Harry, a sort of blind horror in his face. 
“Why did I do it?” he said wildly. 
“I don’t know what made me do it!” “What?” said Harry. 
“He — er — just asked Fleur Delacour to go to the ball with Fleur Delacour,” said Ginny. 
Ginny looked as though Ginny was fighting back a smile, but Ginny kept patting Ron’s arm sympathetically. 
“You what?” said Harry. 
“I don’t know what made me do it!” Ron gasped again. 
“What was I playing at? 
He kept talking, though the words were barely distinguishable. 
“She looked at me like I was a sea slug or something. 
“You were right — her grandmother was one. 
“I asked her to go with me just now,” Harry said dully, “and her told me.” Ginny had suddenly stopped smiling. 
“This is mad,” said Ron. 
“We’re the only ones left who haven’t got anyone — well, except Neville. 
“Yeah, I know!” said Ron, some of the color coming back into his face as his started to laugh. 
“his told me after Potions! 
“Don’t laugh — ” Just then Hermione climbed in through the portrait hole. 
“Why weren’t you two at dinner?” she said, coming over to join them. 
“Because — oh shut up laughing, you two — because they’ve both just been turned down by girls they asked to the ball!” said Ginny. 
That shut Harry and Ron up. 
“Thanks a bunch, Ginny,” said Ron sourly. 
“All the good-looking ones taken, Ron?” said Hermione loftily. 
“Eloise Midgen starting to look quite pretty now, is Eloise Midgen? 
“Hermione, Neville’s right — you are a girl. 
“Well — you can come with one of us!” “No, I can’t,” snapped Hermione. 
“Oh come on,” he said impatiently, “we need partners, we’re going to look really stupid if we haven’t got any, everyone else has ” “I can’t come with you,” said Hermione, now blushing, “because I’m already going with someone.” “No, you’re not!” said Ron. 
“You just said that to get rid of Neville!” “Oh did I?” said Hermione, and Hermione's eyes flashed dangerously. 
“Just because it’s taken you three years to notice, Ron, doesn’t mean no one else has spotted I’m a girl!” Ron stared at her. 
Then he grinned again. 
“Okay, okay, we know you’re a girl,” he said. 
“That do? 
“I’m going with someone else!” And she stormed off toward the girls’ dormitories again. 
“She’s lying,” said Ron flatly, watching her go. 
“She’s not,” said Ginny quietly. 
“Who is it then?” said Ron sharply. 
“I’m not telling you, it’s her business,” said Ginny. 
“Right,” said Ron, who looked extremely put out, “this is getting stupid. 
“I’m going with — with Neville. 
“I think I’ll go and have dinner,” she said, and she got up and walked off to the portrait hole, shis head bowed. 
Ron goggled at Harry. 
“What’s got into them?” ’s demanded. 
But Harry had just seen Parvati and Lavender come in through the portrait hole. 
The time had come for drastic action. 
“Wait here,” he said to Ron, and he stood up, walked straight up to Parvati, and said, “Parvati? 
Harry waited for them to subside, Harry's fingers crossed in the pocket of Harry's robes. 
“Yes, all right then,” she said finally, blushing furiously. 
“Thanks,” said Harry, in relief. 
“Lavender — will you go with Ron?” “She’s going with Seamus,” said Parvati, and the pair of them giggled harder than ever. 
Harry sighed. 
“Can’t you think of anyone who’d go with Ron?” he said, lowering his voice so that Ron wouldn’t hear. 
“What about Hermione Granger?” said Parvati. 
“She’s going with someone else.” Parvati looked astonished. 
“Ooooh — who?” She said keenly. 
Harry shrugged. 
“No idea,” Harry said. 
“So what about Ron?” “Well ” said Parvati slowly, “I suppose my sister might Padma, you know in Ravenclaw. 
“Let me know, will you?” And he went back over to Ron, feeling that this ball was a lot more trouble than it was worth, and hoping very much that Padma Patil’s nose was dead center. 
Despite the very heavy load of homework that the fourth years had been given for the holidays, Harry was in no mood to work when term ended, and spent the week leading up to Christmas enjoying Harry as fully as possible along with everyone else. 
Gryffindor Tower was hardly less crowded now than during term-time; Gryffindor Tower seemed to have shrunk slightly too, as Gryffindor Tower inhabitants were being so much rowdier than usual. 
Fred and George had had a great success with Fred and George's Canary Creams, and for the first couple of days of the holidays, people kept bursting into feather all over the place. 
Before long, however, all the Gryffindors had learned to treat food anybody else offered them with extreme caution, in case it had a Canary Cream concealed in the center, and George confided to Harry that George and Fred were now working on developing something else. 
Harry made a mental note never to accept so much as a crisp from Fred and George in future. 
Harry still hadn’t forgotten Dudley and the Ton-Tongue Toffee. 
Snow was falling thickly upon the castle and its grounds now. 
The pale blue Beauxbatons carriage looked like a large, chilly, frosted pumpkin next to the iced gingerbread house that was Hagrid’s cabin, while the Durmstrang ship’s portholes were glazed with ice, the rigging white with frost. 
The house-elves down in the kitchen were outdoing The house-elves down in the kitchen with a series of rich, warming stews and savory puddings, and only Fleur Delacour seemed to be able to find anything to complain about. 
“It is too ’eavy, all zis ’Ogwarts food,” they heard her saying grumpily as they left the Great Hall behind her one evening (Ron skulking behind Harry, keen not to be spotted by Fleur). 
“I will not fit into my dress robes!” “Oooh there’s a tragedy,” Hermione snapped as Fleur went out into the entrance hall. 
“She really thinks a lot of She, that one, doesn’t She?” “Hermione — who are you going to the ball with?” said Ron. 
He kept springing this question on She, hoping to startle Shis into a response by asking it when She least expected it. 
However, She merely frowned and said, “I’m not telling you, you’ll just make fun of ’m.” “You’re joking, Weasley!” said Malfoy, behind them. 
“You’re not telling me someone’s asked that to the ball? 
“Twitchy little ferret, aren’t you, Malfoy?” said Hermione scathingly, and Hermione, Harry, and Ron went up the marble staircase laughing heartily. 
“Hermione,” said Ron, looking sideways at Hermione, suddenly frowning, “your teeth ” “What about them?” Hermione said. 
“Well, them’re different I’ve just noticed. 
“Well when I went up to Madam Pomfrey to get them shrunk, Madam Pomfrey held up a mirror and told me to stop Madam Pomfrey's when them were back to how them normally were,Madam Pomfrey said. 
“And I just let her carry on a bit.” her smiled even more widely. 
“Mum and Dad won’t be too pleased. 
People passing him were pointing and laughing, and a group of third-year girls paused and said, “Oh look at the weeny owl! 
“You bring letters to the addressee! 
The third-year girls all looked very shocked. 
“Clear off!” Ron snapped at them, waving the fist holding Pigwidgeon, who hooted more happily than ever as he soared through the air. 
“Here — take it, Harry,” Ron added in an undertone as the third-year girls scuttled away looking scandalized. 
He pulled Sirius’s reply off Pigwidgeon’s leg, Harry pocketed it, and they hurried back to Gryffindor Tower to read it. 
Everyone in the common room was much too busy in letting off more holiday steam to observe what anyone else was up to. 
Ron, Harry, and Hermione sat apart from everyone else by a dark window that was gradually filling up with snow, and Harry read out: Dear Harry, Congratulations on getting past the Horntail. 
Whoever put your name in that goblet shouldn’t be feeling too happy right now! 
I was going to suggest a Conjunctivitis Curse, as a dragon’s eyes are its weakest point — “That’s what Krum did!” Hermione whispered — but your way was better, I’m impressed. 
Don’t get complacent, though, Harry. 
You’ve only done one task; whoever put you in for the tournament’s got plenty more opportunity if they’re trying to hurt you. 
Keep your eyes open — particularly when the person we discussed is around — and concentrate on keeping yourself out of trouble. 
Keep in touch, I still want to hear about anything unusual. 
Sirius “He sounds exactly like Moody,” said Harry quietly, tucking the letter away again inside Harry's robes. 
“ ‘Constant vigilance!’ You’d think I walk around with my eyes shut, banging off the walls. 
“Want a game of chess, Harry?” “Yeah, okay,” said Harry. 
Then, spotting the look on Hermione ’s face, he said, “Come on, how’m I supposed to concentrate with all this noise going on? 
Harry awoke very suddenly on Christmas Day. 
Wondering what had caused Harry's abrupt return to consciousness, Harry opened Harry's eyes, and saw something with very large, round, green eyes staring back at Harry in the darkness, so close they were almost nose to nose. 
“Dobbyl” Harry yelled, scrambling away from the elf so fast Harry almost fell out of bed. 
“Don’t do that!” “Dobby is sorry, sir!” squeaked Dobby anxiously, jumping backward with his long fingers over his mouth. 
“Dobby is only wanting to wish Harry Potter ‘Merry Christmas’ and bring him a present, sir! 
“Just — just prod me or something in future, all right, don’t bend over me like that. 
His yell had awoken Ron, Seamus, Dean, and Neville. 
All of them were peering through the gaps in All of them's own hangings, heavy-eyed and tousle-haired. 
“Someone attacking you, Harry?” Seamus asked sleepily. 
“No, it’s just Dobby,” Harry muttered. 
“Go back to sleep.” “Nah presents!” said Seamus, spotting the large pile at the foot of his bed. 
Ron, Dean, and Neville decided that now they were awake they might as well get down to some present-opening too. 
Harry turned back to Dobby, who was now standing nervously next to Harry’s bed, still looking worried that Harry had upset Harry. 
There was a Christmas bauble tied to the loop on top of his tea cozy. 
“Can Dobby give Harry Potter his present?” he squeaked tentatively. 
“ ’Course you can,” said Harry. 
“Er I’ve got something for you too.” It was a lie; he hadn’t bought anything for Dobby at all, but he quickly opened his trunk and pulled out a particularly knobbly rolled-up pair of socks. 
They were his oldest and foulest, mustard yellow, and had once belonged to Uncle Vernon. 
The reason they were extra-knobbly was that Harry had been using they to cushion Harry's Sneakoscope for over a year now. 
He pulled out the Sneakoscope and handed the socks to Dobby, saying, “Sorry, I forgot to wrap them. 
“Socks are Dobby’s favorite, favorite clothes, sir!” sir said, ripping off sir's odd ones and pulling on Uncle Vernon’s. 
“I has seven now, sir. 
“Tell you what, Dobby — here you go — take these two, and you can mix them up properly. 
Dobby looked quite overwhelmed. 
“Sir is very kind!” he squeaked, his eyes brimming with tears again, bowing deeply to Ron. 
“Dobby knew Sir must be a great wizard, for Sir is Harry Potter’s greatest friend, but Dobby did not know that Dobby was also as generous of spirit, as noble, as selfless — ” “They’re only socks,” said Ron, who had gone slightly pink around the ears, though he looked rather pleased all the same. 
“Wow, Harry — ” Harry — ” had just opened Harry’s present, a Chudley Cannon hat. 
“Cool!” Harry — ” Harry — ” jammed it onto Harry — ” Harry — ”'s head, where it clashed horribly with Harry — ” Harry — ”'s hair. 
Dobby now handed Harry a small package, which turned out to be — socks. 
“Dobby is making them himself, sir!” the elf said happily. 
“sir is buying the wool out of sir's wages, sir!” The left sock was bright red and had a pattern of broomsticks upon it; the right sock was green with a pattern of Snitches. 
“They’re They’re really well, thanks, Dobby,” said Harry, and Harry pulled them on, causing Dobby’s eyes to leak with happiness again. 
“Dobby must go now, sir, we is already making Christmas dinner in the kitchens!” said Dobby, and Dobby hurried out of the dormitory, waving good-bye to Ron and the others as Dobby passed. 
Harry’s other presents were much more satisfactory than Dobby’s odd socks — with the obvious exception of the Dursleys’, which consisted of a single tissue, an all-time low — Harry supposed they too were remembering the Ton-Tongue Toffee. 
Hermione had given Harry a book called Quidditch Teams of Britain and Ireland ; Ron, a bulging bag of Dungbombs; Sirius, a handy penknife with attachments to unlock any lock and undo any knot; and Hagrid, a vast box of sweets including all Harry’s favorites: Bertie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans, Chocolate Frogs, Drooble’s Best Blowing Gum, and Fizzing Whizbees. 
There was also, of course, Molly’s usual package, including a new sweater (green, with a picture of a dragon on it — Harry supposed Charlie had told her all about the Horntail), and a large quantity of homemade mince pies. 
Harry and Ron met up with Hermione in the common room, and they went down to breakfast together. 
they spent most of the morning in Gryffindor Tower, where everyone was enjoying their presents, then returned to the Great Hall for a magnificent lunch, which included at least a hundred turkeys and Christmas puddings, and large piles of Cribbage’s Wizarding Crackers. 
they went out onto the grounds in the afternoon; the snow was untouched except for the deep channels made by the Durmstrang and Beauxbatons students on their way up to the castle. 
Hermione chose to watch Harry and the Weasleys’ snowball fight rather than join in, and at five o’clock said Hermione was going back upstairs to get ready for the ball. 
“What, you need three hours?” said Ron, looking at her incredulously and paying for his lapse in concentration when a large snowball, thrown by George, hit him hard on the side of the head. 
“Who ’re you going with?” he yelled after Hermione, but Hermione just waved and disappeared up the stone steps into the castle. 
There was no Christmas tea today, as the ball included a feast, so at seven o’clock, when it had become hard to aim properly, the others abandoned the others's snowball fight and trooped back to the common room. 
The Fat Lady was sitting in The Fat Lady's frame with The Fat Lady's friend Violet from downstairs, both of them extremely tipsy, empty boxes of chocolate liqueurs littering the bottom of The Fat Lady's picture. 
“Lairy fights, that’s the one!” she giggled when they gave the password, and she swung forward to let they inside. 
Harry, Ron, Seamus, Dean, and Neville changed into their dress robes up in their dormitory, all of them looking very self-conscious, but none as much as Ron, who surveyed himself in the long mirror in the corner with an appalled look on himself's face. 
There was just no getting around the fact that himself's robes looked more like a dress than anything else. 
In a desperate attempt to make them look more manly, he used a Severing Charm on the ruff and cuffs. 
It worked fairly well; at least he was now lace-free, although he hadn’t done a very neat job, and the edges still looked depressingly frayed as the boys set off downstairs. 
“I still can’t work out how you two got the best- looking girls in the year,” muttered Dean. 
“Animal magnetism,” said Ron gloomily, pulling stray threads out of his cuffs. 
The common room looked strange, full of people wearing different colors instead of the usual mass of black. 
Parvati was waiting for Harry at the foot of the stairs. 
Parvati looked very pretty indeed, in robes of shocking pink, with Parvati's long dark plait braided with gold, and gold bracelets glimmering at Parvati's wrists. 
Harry was relieved to see that she wasn’t giggling. 
“You — er — look nice,” Harry said awkwardly. 
“Thanks,” she said. 
“Padma’s going to meet you in the entrance hall,” she added to Ron. 
“Right,” said Ron, looking around. 
“Where’s Hermione?” Parvati shrugged. 
“Shall we go down then, Harry?” “Okay,” said Harry, wishing Harry could just stay in the common room. 
Fred winked at Harry as Fred passed Harry on the way out of the portrait hole. 
The entrance hall was packed with students too, all milling around waiting for eight o’clock, when the doors to the Great Hall would be thrown open. 
Those people who were meeting partners from different Houses were edging through the crowd trying to find one another. 
Parvati found her sister, Padma, and led her over to Harry and Ron. 
“Hi,” said Padma, who was looking just as pretty as Parvati in robes of bright turquoise. 
She didn’t look too enthusiastic about having Ron as a partner, though; Shis dark eyes lingered on the frayed neck and sleeves of his dress robes as She looked his up and down. 
“Hi,” said Ron, not looking at She, but staring around at the crowd. 
“Oh no ” He bent He's knees slightly to hide behind Harry, because Fleur Delacour was passing, looking stunning in robes of silver-gray satin, and accompanied by the Ravenclaw Quidditch captain, Roger Davies. 
When they had disappeared, Ron stood straight again and stared over the heads of the crowd. 
“Where is Hermione?” he said again. 
A group of Slytherins came up the steps from their dungeon common room. 
Malfoy was in front; Malfoy was wearing dress robes of black velvet with a high collar, which in Harry’s opinion made Malfoy look like a vicar. 
Pansy Parkinson in very frilly robes of pale pink was clutching Malfoy’s arm. 
Crabbe and Goyle were both wearing green; Crabbe and Goyle resembled moss-colored boulders, and neither of them, Harry was pleased to see, had managed to find a partner. 
The oak front doors opened, and everyone turned to look as the Durmstrang students entered with Professor Karkaroff. 
Krum was at the front of the party, accompanied by a pretty girl in blue robes Harry didn’t know. 
Over their heads he saw that an area of lawn right in front of the castle had been transformed into a sort of grotto full of fairy lights — meaning hundreds of actual living fairies were sitting in the rosebushes that had been conjured there, and fluttering over the statues of what seemed to be Father Christmas and his reindeer. 
Then Professor McGonagall’s voice called, “Champions over here, please!” Parvati readjusted her bangles, beaming; she and Harry said “See you in a minute” to Ron and Padma and walked forward, the chattering crowd parting to let the chattering crowd through. 
Professor McGonagall, who was wearing dress robes of red tartan and had arranged a rather ugly wreath of thistles around the brim of her hat, told them to wait on one side of the doors while everyone else went inside; them were to enter the Great Hall in procession when the rest of the students had sat down. 
Fleur Delacour and Roger Davies stationed Fleur Delacour and Roger Davies nearest the doors; Davies looked so stunned by his good fortune in having Fleur for a partner that he could hardly take his eyes off her. 
Cedric and Cho were close to Harry too; Harry looked away from Cedric and Cho so Harry wouldn’t have to talk to Cedric and ChoCho. 
Harry eyes fell instead on the girl next to Krum. 
His jaw dropped. 
It was Hermione. 
But she didn’t look like Hermione at all. 
she had done something with shis hair; it was no longer bushy but sleek and shiny, and twisted up into an elegant knot at the back of shis head. 
she was wearing robes made of a floaty, periwinkle-blue material, and she was holding she differently, somehow — or maybe it was merely the absence of the twenty or so books she usually had slung over shis back. 
she was also smiling — rather nervously, it was true — but the reduction in the size of shis front teeth was more noticeable than ever; Harry couldn’t understand how Harry hadn’t spotted it before. 
“Hi, Harry!” she said. 
“Hi, Parvati!” Parvati was gazing at Hermione in unflattering disbelief. 
Parvati wasn’t the only one either; when the doors to the Great Hall opened, Krum’s fan club from the library stalked past, throwing Hermione looks of deepest loathing. 
Pansy Parkinson gaped at Pansy Parkinson's as Pansy Parkinson walked by with Malfoy, and even Pansy Parkinson didn’t seem to be able to find an insult to throw at Pansy Parkinson. 
Ron, however, walked right past Hermione without looking at Hermione. 
Once everyone else was settled in the Hall, Professor McGonagall told the champions and their partners to get in line in pairs and to follow her. 
They did so, and everyone in the Great Hall applauded as They entered and started walking up toward a large round table at the top of the Hall, where the judges were sitting. 
The walls of the Hall had all been covered in sparkling silver frost, with hundreds of garlands of mistletoe and ivy crossing the starry black ceiling. 
The House tables had vanished; instead, there were about a hundred smaller, lantern-lit ones, each seating about a dozen people. 
Harry concentrated on not tripping over Harry's feet. 
Parvati seemed to be enjoying Parvati; Parvati was beaming around at everybody, steering Harry so forcefully that Harry felt as though Harry were a show dog Parvati was putting through its paces. 
Harry caught sight of Ron and Padma as Harry neared the top table. 
Ron was watching Hermione pass with narrowed eyes. 
Padma was looking sulky. 
Dumbledore smiled happily as the champions approached the top table, but Karkaroff wore an expression remarkably like Ron’s as he watched Krum and Hermione draw nearer. 
Ludo Bagman, tonight in robes of bright purple with large yellow stars, was clapping as enthusiastically as any of the students; and Madame Maxime, who had changed her usual uniform of black satin for a flowing gown of lavender silk, was applauding them politely. 
But Mister Crouch, Harry suddenly realized, was not there. 
The fifth seat at the table was occupied by Percy Weasley. 
When the champions and their partners reached the table, Percy drew out the empty chair beside Percy, staring pointedly at Harry. 
Harry took the hint and sat down next to Percy, who was wearing brand-new, navy-blue dress robes and an expression of such smugness that Harry thought it ought to be fined. 
“I’ve been promoted,” Percy said before Harry could even ask, and from Percy's tone, Percy might have been announcing Percy's election as supreme ruler of the universe. 
“I’m now Mister Crouch’s personal assistant, and I’m here representing him.” “Why didn’t him come?” Harry asked. 
him wasn’t looking forward to being lectured on cauldron bottoms all through dinner. 
‘Tm afraid to say Mister Crouch isn’t well, not well at all. 
Hasn’t been right since the World Cup. 
Hardly surprising — overwork. 
He’s not as young as He was — though still quite brilliant, of course, the mind remains as great as it ever was. 
But the World Cup was a fiasco for the whole Ministry, and then, Mister Crouch suffered a huge personal shock with the misbehavior of that house-elf of his, Blinky, or whatever she was called. 
Naturally, he dismissed shis immediately afterward, but — well, as I say, he’s getting on, he needs looking after, and I think he’s found a definite drop in his home comforts since she left. 
And then we had the tournament to arrange, and the aftermath of the Cup to deal with — that revolting Skeeter woman buzzing around — no, poor man, he’s having a well earned, quiet Christmas. 
I’m just glad he knew he had someone he could rely upon to take his place.” Harry wanted very much to ask whether Mister Crouch had stopped calling Percy “Weatherby” yet, but resisted the temptation. 
There was no food as yet on the glittering golden plates, but small menus were lying in front of each of them. 
Harry picked Harry's up uncertainly and looked around — there were no waiters. 
Dumbledore, however, looked carefully down at Dumbledore's own menu, then said very clearly to Dumbledore's plate, “Pork chops!” And pork chops appeared. 
Getting the idea, the rest of the table placed their orders with their plates too. 
Harry glanced up at Hermione to see how Hermione felt about this new and more complicated method of dining — surely it meant plenty of extra work for the house-elves? 
— but for once, Hermione didn’t seem to be thinking about S.P.E.W. 
Hermione was deep in talk with Viktor Krum and hardly seemed to notice what Hermione was eating. 
It now occurred to Harry that Harry had never actually heard Krum speak before, but Harry was certainly talking now, and very enthusiastically at that. 
“Veil, ve have a castle also, not as big as this, nor as comfortable, I am thinking,” Harry was telling Hermione. 
“Ve have just four floors, and the fires are lit only for magical purposes. 
“Igor, all this secrecy one would almost think you didn’t want visitors.” “Well, Dumbledore,” said Karkaroff, displaying his yellowing teeth to their fullest extent, “we are all protective of our private domains, are we not? 
“Only this morning, for instance, I took a wrong turning on the way to the bathroom and found myself in a beautifully proportioned room I have never seen before, containing a really rather magnificent collection of chamber pots. 
Percy frowned, but Harry could have sworn Dumbledore had given Harry a very small wink. 
Meanwhile Fleur Delacour was criticizing the Hogwarts decorations to Roger Davies. 
“Zis is nothing,” she said dismissively, looking around at the sparkling walls of the Great Hall. 
“At ze Palace of Beauxbatons, we ’ave ice sculptures all around ze dining chamber at Chreestmas. 
Roger Davies was watching her talk with a very dazed look on his face, and his kept missing his mouth with his fork. 
Harry had the impression that Roger Davies was too busy staring at Fleur to take in a word she was saying. 
“Absolutely right,” Harry said quickly, slapping Harry's own hand down on the table in imitation of Fleur. 
“Like that. 
Hagrid was sitting at one of the other staff tables; he was back in his horrible hairy brown suit and gazing up at the top table. 
Harry saw Harry give a small wave, and looking around, saw Madame Maxime return it, Madame Maxime's opals glittering in the candlelight. 
Hermione was now teaching Krum to say Hermione's name properly; he kept calling Hermione's “Hermy-own.” “Her-my-oh-nee,” Her said slowly and clearly. 
“Herm-own-ninny.” “Close enough,” she said, catching Harry’s eye and grinning. 
When all the food had been consumed, Dumbledore stood up and asked the students to do the same. 
Then, with a wave of Dumbledore's wand, all the tables zoomed back along the walls leaving the floor clear, and then he conjured a raised platform into existence along the right wall. 
A set of drums, several guitars, a lute, a cello, and some bagpipes were set upon it. 
The Weird Sisters now trooped up onto the stage to wildly enthusiastic applause; The Weird Sisters were all extremely hairy and dressed in black robes that had been artfully ripped and torn. 
They picked up They's instruments, and Harry, who had been so interested in watching them that he had almost forgotten what was coming, suddenly realized that the lanterns on all the other tables had gone out, and that the other champions and them's partners were standing up. 
“Come on!” Parvati hissed. 
“We’re supposed to dance!” Harry tripped over Harry's dress robes as Harry stood up. 
The Weird Sisters struck up a slow, mournful tune; Harry walked onto the brightly lit dance floor, carefully avoiding catching anyone’s eye (Harry could see Seamus and Dean waving at Harry and sniggering), and next moment, Parvati had seized his hands, placed one around her waist, and was holding the other tightly in hers. 
It wasn’t as bad as it could have been, Harry thought, revolving slowly on the spot (Parvati was steering) . 
Harry kept Harry's eyes fixed over the heads of the watching people, and very soon many of them too had come onto the dance floor, so that the champions were no longer the center of attention. 
Neville and Ginny were dancing nearby — he could see Ginny wincing frequently as Neville trod on her feet — and Dumbledore was waltzing with Madame Maxime. 
He was so dwarfed by her that the top of He's pointed hat barely tickled her chin; however, her moved very gracefully for a woman so large. 
Mad-Eye Moody was doing an extremely ungainly two-step with Professor Sinistra, who was nervously avoiding his wooden leg. 
“Nice socks, Potter,” Moody growled as he passed, his magical eye staring through Harry’s robes. 
“Oh — yeah, Dobby the house-elf knitted them for me,” said Harry, grinning. 
“He is so creepy\” Parvati whispered as Moody clunked away. 
“I don’t think that eye should be allowed]” Harry heard the final, quavering note from the bagpipe with relief. 
The Weird Sisters stopped playing, applause filled the hall once more, and Harry let go of Parvati at once. 
“Let’s sit down, shall we?” “Oh — but — this is a really good one!” Parvati said as The Weird Sisters struck up a new song, which was much faster. 
“No, I don’t like it,” Harry lied, and Harry led her away from the dance floor, past Fred and Angelina, who were dancing so exhuberantly that people around them were backing away in fear of injury, and over to the table where Ron and Padma were sitting. 
“How’s it going?” Harry asked Ron, sitting down and opening a bottle of butterbeer. 
Ron didn’t answer. 
He was glaring at Hermione and Krum, who were dancing nearby. 
Padma was sitting with her arms and legs crossed, one foot jiggling in time to the music. 
Every now and then she threw a disgruntled look at Ron, who was completely ignoring she. 
Parvati sat down on Harry’s other side, crossed Parvati's arms and legs too, and within minutes was asked to dance by a boy from Beauxbatons. 
“You don’t mind, do you, Harry?” Parvati said. 
“What?” said Harry, who was now watching Cho and Cedric. 
“Oh never mind,” snapped Parvati, and Parvati went off with the boy from Beauxbatons. 
When the song ended, she did not return. 
Hermione came over and sat down in Parvati’s empty chair. 
Hermione was a bit pink in the face from dancing. 
“Hi,” said Harry. 
Ron didn’t say anything. 
“It’s hot, isn’t it?” said Hermione, fanning Hermione with Hermione's hand. 
“Viktor’s just gone to get some drinks.” Ron gave her a withering look. 
Viktor?” Viktor said. 
“Hasn’t Viktor asked you to call Viktor Vicky yet?” Hermione looked at Viktor in surprise. 
“What’s up with you?” Hermione said. 
“If you don’t know,” said Ron scathingly, “I’m not going to tell you.” Hermione stared at him, then at Harry, who shrugged. 
“Ron, what — ?” “He’s from Durmstrang!” spat Ron. 
“He’s competing against Harry! 
“Don’t be so stupid!” she said after a moment. 
“The enemy\ Honestly — who was the one who was all excited when they saw him arrive? 
“I s’pose he asked you to come with him while you were both in the library?” “Yes, he did,” said Hermione, the pink patches on her cheeks glowing more brightly. 
“So what?” “What happened — trying to get him to join spew, were —” “No, I wasn’t! 
“Yeah, well — that’s his story,” said Ron nastily. 
“And what’s that supposed to mean?” “Obvious, isn’t it? 
When she spoke, shis voice quivered. 
“For your information, he hasn’t asked me one single thing about Harry, not one — ” Ron changed tack at the speed of light. 
“Then he’s hoping you’ll help he find out what his egg means! 
“Never. 
“This whole tournament’s supposed to be about getting to know foreign wizards and making friends with foreign wizards!” said Hermione hotly. 
“No it isn’t!” shouted Ron. 
“It’s about winning!” People were starting to stare at them. 
“Ron,” said Harry quietly, “I haven’t got a problem with Hermione coming with Krum — ” But Ron ignored Harry too. 
“Why don’t you go and find Vicky, he’ll be wondering where you are,” said Ron. 
“Don’t call he Vickyl” Hermione jumped to her feet and stormed off across the dance floor, disappearing into the crowd. 
Ron watched her go with a mixture of anger and satisfaction on his face. 
“Are you going to ask me to dance at all?” Padma asked him. 
“No,” said Ron, still glaring after Hermione. 
“Fine,” snapped Padma, and she got up and went to join Parvati and the Beauxbatons boy, who conjured up one of his friends to join them so fast that Harry could have sworn Harry had zoomed Harry there by a Summoning Charm. 
“Vare is Herm-own-ninny?” said a voice. 
Krum had just arrived at their table clutching two butterbeers. 
“No idea,” said Ron mulishly, looking up at him. 
“Lost her, have you?” Krum was looking surly again. 
“Veil, if you see Veil, tell Veil's I haff drinks,” he said, and he slouched off. 
“Made friends with Viktor Krum, have you, Ron?” Percy had bustled over, rubbing Percy's hands together and looking extremely pompous. 
“Excellent! 
The top table was now empty; Professor Dumbledore was dancing with Professor Sprout, Ludo Bagman with Professor McGonagall; Madame Maxime and Hagrid were cutting a wide path around the dance floor as they waltzed through the students, and Karkaroff was nowhere to be seen. 
When the next song ended, everybody applauded once more, and Harry saw Ludo Bagman kiss Professor McGonagall’s hand and make his way back through the crowds, at which point Fred and George accosted him. 
“What do they think they’re doing, annoying senior Ministry members?” Percy hissed, watching Fred and George suspiciously. 
“No respect ” Ludo Bagman shook off Fred and George fairly quickly, however, and, spotting Harry, waved and came over to Fred and George's table. 
“I hope my brothers weren’t bothering you, Mister Bagman?” said Percy at once. 
“What? 
“No, they were just telling me a bit more about those fake wands of they. 
Apparently Fred and George’s plans had grown even more ambitious lately, if Apparently Fred and George’s plans were hoping to sell to the public. 
Bagman opened his mouth to ask Harry something, but Percy diverted Harry. 
“How do you feel the tournament’s going, Mister Bagman? 
The front doors stood open, and the fluttering fairy lights in the rose garden winked and twinkled as they went down the front steps, where they found they surrounded by bushes; winding, ornamental paths; and large stone statues. 
Harry could hear splashing water, which sounded like a fountain. 
Here and there, people were sitting on carved benches. 
He and Ron set off along one of the winding paths through the rosebushes, but people had gone only a short way when people heard an unpleasantly familiar voice. " 
don’t see what there is to fuss about, Igor.” “Severus, you cannot pretend this isn’t happening!” Karkaroff’s voice sounded anxious and hushed, as though keen not to be overheard. 
“It’s been getting clearer and clearer for months. 
“Flee — I will make your excuses. 
Snape had Snape's wand out and was blasting rosebushes apart, his expression most ill-natured. 
Squeals issued from many of the bushes, and dark shapes emerged from many of the bushes. 
“Ten points from Ravenclaw, Fawcett!” Snape snarled as a girl ran past Snape. 
“And ten points from Hufflepuff too, Stebbins!” as a boy went rushing after her. 
“And what are you two doing?” he added, catching sight of Harry and Ron on the path ahead. 
Karkaroff, Harry saw, looked slightly discomposed to see them standing there. 
Harry hand went nervously to Harry's goatee, and Harry began winding it around Harry's finger. 
“We’re walking,” Ron told Snape shortly. 
“Not against the law, is it?” “Keep walking, then!” Snape snarled, and Snape brushed past them, Snape's long black cloak billowing out behind Snape. 
Karkaroff hurried away after Snape. 
Harry and Ron continued down the path. 
“What’s got Karkaroff all worried?” Ron muttered. 
“And since when have he and Snape been on first- name terms?” said Harry slowly. 
he and Snape had reached a large stone reindeer now, over which he and Snape could see the sparkling jets of a tall fountain. 
The shadowy outlines of two enormous people were visible on a stone bench, watching the water in the moonlight. 
And then Harry heard Hagrid speak. 
“Momen’ I saw yeh, I knew,” he was saying, in an oddly husky voice. 
Harry and Ron froze. 
This didn’t sound like the sort of scene they ought to walk in on, somehow . 
Harry looked around, back up the path, and saw Fleur Delacour and Roger Davies standing half-concealed in a rosebush nearby. 
Harry tapped Ron on the shoulder and jerked Harry's head toward them, meaning that them could easily sneak off that way without being noticed (Fleur and Davies looked very busy to Harry), but Ron, eyes widening in horror at the sight of Fleur, shook his head vigorously, and pulled Harry deeper into the shadows behind the reindeer. 
“What did you know, ’Agrid?” said Madame Maxime, a purr in her low voice. 
Harry definitely didn’t want to listen to this; Harry knew Hagrid would hate to be overheard in a situation like this (Harry certainly would have) — if it had been possible Harry would have put Harry's fingers in Harry's ears and hummed loudly, but that wasn’t really an option. 
Instead Harry tried to interest Harry in a beetle crawling along the stone reindeer’s back, but the beetle just wasn’t interesting enough to block out Hagrid’s next words. 
“I jus’ knew knew you were like me. 
“She was one o’ the las’ ones in Britain. 
And Harry, in spite of himself, took himself's eyes off the beetle and looked over the top of the reindeer’s antlers, listening. 
He had never heard Hagrid talk about He's childhood before. 
“Me dad was broken-hearted when Me dad wen’. 
Madame Maxime was listening, motionless, apparently staring at the silvery fountain. 
“Dad raised me but Dad died, o’ course, jus’ after I started school. 
“So anyway enough abou’ me. 
“It is chilly,” she said — but whatever the weather was doing, it was nowhere near as cold as shis voice. 
“I think I will go in now.” “Eh?” said Hagrid blankly. 
“No, don’ go! 
Harry could have told Hagrid it was best not to answer; Harry stood there in the shadows gritting Harry's teeth, hoping against hope Harry wouldn’t — but it was no good. 
“Another half-giant, o’ course!” said Hagrid. 
“ ’Ow dare you!” shrieked Madame Maxime. 
Madame Maxime voice exploded through the peaceful night air like a foghorn; behind him, Harry heard Fleur and Roger fall out of Fleur and Roger's rosebush. 
“I ’ave nevair been more insulted in my life! 
Hagrid was still sitting on the bench, staring after her. 
It was much too dark to make out his expression. 
Then, after about a minute, he stood up and strode away, not back to the castle, but off out into the dark grounds in the direction of his cabin. 
“C’mon,” Harry said, very quietly to Ron. 
“Let’s go. 
“What’s up?” said Harry, looking at Harry. 
Ron looked around at Harry, his expression very serious indeed. 
“Did you know?” he whispered. 
“About Hagrid being half-giant?” “No,” Harry said, shrugging. 
“So what?” Harry knew immediately, from the look Ron was giving him, that Harry was once again revealing him's ignorance of the wizarding world. 
Brought up by the Dursleys, there were many things that wizards took for granted that were revelations to Harry, but these surprises had become fewer with each successive year. 
Now, however, he could tell that most wizards would not have said “So what?” upon finding out that one of their friends had a giantess for a mother. 
“I’ll explain inside,” said Ron quietly, “c’mon. 
Harry and Ron returned to the Great Hall. 
Parvati and Padma were now sitting at a distant table with a whole crowd of Beauxbatons boys, and Hermione was once more dancing with Krum. 
Harry and Ron sat down at a table far removed from the dance floor. 
“So?” Harry prompted Ron. 
“What’s the problem with giants?” “Well, they’re they’re ” Ron struggled for words. " 
not very nice,” he finished lamely. 
“Who cares?” Harry said. 
“There’s nothing wrong with Hagrid!” “I know there isn’t, but blimey, no wonder he keeps it quiet,” Ron said, shaking his head. 
“I always thought he’d got in the way of a bad Engorgement Charm when he was a kid or something. 
“Well no one who knows him will care, ’cos they’ll know he’s not dangerous,” said Ron slowly. 
“But Harry, they’re just vicious, giants. 
“If Hagrid ’s half-giant, she definitely is. 
Harry tried not to watch Cho and Cedric too much; it gave Harry a strong desire to kick something. 
When the Weird Sisters finished playing at midnight, everyone gave them a last, loud round of applause and started to wend them's way into the entrance hall. 
Many people were expressing the wish that the ball could have gone on longer, but Harry was perfectly happy to be going to bed; as far as Harry was concerned, the evening hadn’t been much fun. 
Out in the entrance hall, Harry and Ron saw Hermione saying good night to Krum before Harry and Ron went back to the Durmstrang ship. 
She gave Ron a very cold look and swept past him up the marble staircase without speaking. 
Harry and Ron followed her, but halfway up the staircase Harry heard someone calling him. 
“Hey — Harry!” It was Cedric Diggory. 
Harry could see Cho waiting for Harry in the entrance hall below. 
“Yeah?” said Harry coldly as Cedric ran up the stairs toward him. 
Cedric looked as though Cedric didn’t want to say whatever it was in front of Ron, who shrugged, looking bad-tempered, and continued to climb the stairs. 
“Listen ” Cedric lowered his voice as Ron disappeared. 
“I owe you one for telling me about the dragons. 
“Well take a bath, okay?” “What?” “Take a bath, and — er — take the egg with you, and — er — just mull things over in the hot water. 
“Tell you what,” Cedric said, “use the prefects’ bathroom. 
Harry walked back to Gryffindor Tower alone. 
That had been extremely strange advice. 
Why would a bath help him to work out what the wailing egg meant? 
Was Cedric pulling his leg? 
Was his trying to make Harry look like a fool, so Cho would like his even more by comparison? 
The Fat Lady and Cho's friend Vi were snoozing in the picture over the portrait hole. 
Harry had to yell “Fairy lights!” before Harry woke them up, and when Harry did, them were extremely irritated. 
Harry climbed into the common room and found Ron and Hermione having a blazing row. 
Standing ten feet apart, they were bellowing at each other, each scarlet in the face. 
“Well, if you don’t like it, you know what the solution is, don’t you?” yelled Hermione; Hermione's hair was coming down out of its elegant bun now, and Hermione's face was screwed up in anger. 
“Oh yeah?” Ron yelled back. 
“What’s that?” “Next time there’s a ball, ask me before someone else does, and not as a last resort!” Ron mouthed soundlessly like a goldfish out of water as Hermione turned on her heel and stormed up the girls’ staircase to bed. 
Ron turned to look at Harry. 
“Well,” he sputtered, looking thunderstruck, “well — that just proves — completely missed the point — ” Harry didn’t say anything. 
Harry liked being back on speaking terms with Ron too much to speak Harry's mind right now — but Harry somehow thought that Hermione had gotten the point much better than Ron had. 
Everybody got up late on Boxing Day. 
The Gryffindor common room was much quieter than it had been lately, many yawns punctuating the lazy conversations. 
Hermione’s hair was bushy again; Hermione confessed to Harry that Hermione had used liberal amounts of Sleekeazy’s Hair Potion on it for the ball, “but it’s way too much bother to do every day,” she said matter-of-factly, scratching a purring Crookshanks behind the ears. 
Ron and Hermione seemed to have reached an unspoken agreement not to discuss their argument. 
their were being quite friendly to each other, though oddly formal. 
Ron and Harry wasted no time in telling Hermione about the conversation they had overheard between Madame Maxime and Hagrid, but Hermione didn’t seem to find the news that Hagrid was a half- giant nearly as shocking as Ron did. 
“Well, I thought he must be,” she said, shrugging. 
“I knew he couldn’t be pure giant because they’re about twenty feet tall. 
It was time now to think of the homework they had neglected during the first week of the holidays. 
Everybody seemed to be feeling rather flat now that Christmas was over — everybody except Harry, that is, who was starting (once again) to feel slightly nervous. 
The trouble was that February the twenty-fourth looked a lot closer from this side of Christmas, and he still hadn’t done anything about working out the clue inside the golden egg. 
he therefore started taking the golden egg out of his trunk every time he went up to the dormitory, opening it, and listening intently, hoping that this time it would make some sense. 
he strained to think what the sound reminded he of, apart from thirty musical saws, but he had never heard anything else like it. 
he closed the egg, shook it vigorously, and opened it again to see if the sound had changed, but the sound hadn’t. 
he tried asking the egg questions, shouting over all the wailing, but nothing happened. 
he even threw the egg across the room — though he hadn’t really expected that to help. 
Harry had not forgotten the hint that Cedric had given Harry, but Harry's less-than-friendly feelings toward Cedric just now meant that Harry was keen not to take Harry's help if Harry could avoid it. 
In any case, it seemed to Harry that if Cedric had really wanted to give Harry a hand, Harry would have been a lot more explicit. 
Harry, Harry, had told Cedric exactly what was coming in the first task — and Cedric’s idea of a fair exchange had been to tell Harry to take a bath. 
Well, Harry didn’t need that sort of rubbishy help — not from someone who kept walking down corridors hand in hand with Cho, anyway. 
And so the first day of the new term arrived, and Harry set off to lessons, weighed down with books, parchment, and quills as usual, but also with the lurking worry of the egg heavy in Harry's stomach, as though Harry were carrying that around with Harry too. 
Snow was still thick upon the grounds, and the greenhouse windows were covered in condensation so thick that they couldn’t see out of they in Herbology. 
Nobody was looking forward to Care of Magical Creatures much in this weather, though as Ron said, the skrewts would probably warm them up nicely, either by chasing them, or blasting off so forcefully that Hagrid’s cabin would catch fire. 
When they arrived at Hagrid’s cabin, however, they found an elderly witch with closely cropped gray hair and a very prominent chin standing before his front door. 
“Hurry up, now, the bell rang five minutes ago,” she barked at them as them struggled toward shis through the snow. 
“Who ’re you?” said Ron, staring at her. 
“Where’s Hagrid?” “My name is Professor Grubbly-Plank,” she said briskly. 
“I am your temporary Care of Magical Creatures teacher.” “Where’s Hagrid?” Harry repeated loudly. 
“He is indisposed,” said Professor Grubbly-Plank shortly. 
Soft and unpleasant laughter reached Harry’s ears. 
Harry turned; Draco Malfoy and the rest of the Slytherins were joining the class. 
All of them looked gleeful, and none of them looked surprised to see Professor Grubbly-Plank. 
“This way, please,” said Professor Grubbly-Plank, and she strode off around the paddock where the Beauxbatons horses were shivering. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione followed her, looking back over their shoulders at Hagrid’s cabin. 
All the curtains were closed. 
Was Hagrid in there, alone and ill? 
“What’s wrong with Hagrid?” Harry said, hurrying to catch up with Professor Grubbly-Plank. 
“Never you mind,” she said as though she thought he was being nosy. 
“I do mind, though,” said Harry hotly. 
“What’s up with him?” Professor Grubbly-Plank acted as though she couldn’t hear him. 
she led them past the paddock where the huge Beauxbatons horses were standing, huddled against the cold, and toward a tree on the edge of the forest, where a large and beautiful unicorn was tethered. 
Many of the girls “ooooohed!” at the sight of the unicorn. 
“Oh it’s so beautiful!” whispered Lavender Brown. 
“How did she get it? 
It was pawing the ground nervously with It golden hooves and throwing back It horned head. 
“Boys keep back!” barked Professor Grubbly-Plank, throwing out an arm and catching Harry hard in the chest. 
“They prefer the woman’s touch, unicorns. 
The moment Professor Grubbly- Plank was out of earshot, Harry turned to Ron. 
“What d’you reckon’s wrong with d’you? 
“No, he’s just too ashamed to show his big, ugly face.” “What d’you mean?” said Harry sharply. 
Malfoy put Harry's hand inside the pocket of Malfoy's robes and pulled out a folded page of newsprint. 
“There you go,” he said. 
“Hate to break it to you, Potter. 
It was an article topped with a picture of Hagrid looking extremely shifty. 
Albus Dumbledore, eccentric Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, has never been afraid to make controversial staff appointments, writes Rita Skeeter, Special Correspondent. 
In September of this year, he hired Alastor “Mad-Eye” Moody, the notoriously jinx-happy ex-Auror, to teach Defense Against the Dark Arts, a decision that caused many raised eyebrows at the Ministry of Magic, given Moody’s well-known habit of attacking anybody who makes a sudden movement in his presence. 
Mad-Eye Moody, however, looks responsible and kindly when set beside the part-human Dumbledore employs to teach Care of Magical Creatures. 
Rubeus Hagrid, who admits to being expelled from Hogwarts in his third year, has enjoyed the position of gamekeeper at the school ever since, a job secured for him by Dumbledore. 
Last year, however, Hagrid used his mysterious influence over the headmaster to secure the additional post of Care of Magical Creatures teacher, over the heads of many better- qualified candidates. 
An alarmingly large and ferocious-looking man, Hagrid has been using his newfound authority to terrify the students in his care with a succession of horrific creatures. 
While Dumbledore turns a blind eye, Hagrid has maimed several pupils during a series of lessons that many admit to being “very frightening.” “I was attacked by a hippogriff, and my friend Vincent Crabbe got a bad bite off a flobberworm,” says Draco Malfoy, a fourth-year student. 
“We all hate Hagrid, but we’re just too scared to say anything.” Hagrid has no intention of ceasing his campaign of intimidation, however. 
In conversation with a Daily Prophet reporter last month, he admitted breeding creatures he has dubbed “Blast-Ended Skrewts, ” highly dangerous crosses between manticores and fire- crabs. 
The creation of new breeds of magical creature is, of course, an activity usually closely observed by the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures. 
Hagrid, however, considers himself to be above such petty restrictions. 
“I was just having some fun,” himself says, before hastily changing the subject. 
As if this were not enough, the Daily Prophet has now unearthed evidence that Hagrid is not — as he has always pretended — a pure-blood wizard. 
He is not, in fact, even pure human. 
He mother, we can exclusively reveal, is none other than the giantess Fridwulfa, whose whereabouts are currently unknown. 
Bloodthirsty and brutal, the giants brought themselves to the point of extinction by warring amongst themselves during the last century. 
The handful that remained joined the ranks of He-Who- Must-Not-Be-Named, and were responsible for some of the worst mass Muggle killings of his reign of terror. 
While many of the giants who served He-Who-Must- Not-Be-Named were killed by Aurors working against the Dark Side, Fridwulfa was not among them. 
It is possible she escaped to one of the giant communities still existing in foreign mountain ranges. 
If his antics during Care of Magical Creatures lessons are any guide, however, Fridwulfa’s son appears to have inherited her brutal nature. 
In a bizarre twist, Hagrid is reputed to have developed a close friendship with the boy who brought around You-Know- Who’s fall from power — thereby driving Hagrid ’s own mother, like the rest of You-Know- Who’s supporters, into hiding. 
Perhaps Harry Potter is unaware of the unpleasant truth about Harry Potter's large friend — but Albus Dumbledore surely has a duty to ensure that Harry Potter, along with Albus Dumbledore's fellow students, is warned about the dangers of associating with part-giants. 
Harry finished reading and looked up at Ron, whose mouth was hanging open. 
“How did she find out?” Harry whispered. 
But that wasn’t what was bothering Harry. 
“What d’you mean, “we all hate Hagrid’?” Harry spat at Malfoy. 
“What’s this rubbish about him” — he pointed at Crabbe — “getting a bad bite off a flobberworm? 
“Well, I think this should put an end to the oaf’s teaching career,” said Malfoy, his eyes glinting. 
“Half- giant and there was me thinking he’d just swallowed a bottle of Skele-Gro when he was young. 
Harry was so angry that the Daily Prophet article shook in Harry's hands as Harry turned to stare unseeingly at the unicorn, whose many magical properties Professor Grubbly-Plank was now enumerating in a loud voice, so that the boys could hear too. 
“I hope she stays, that woman!” said Parvati Patil when the lesson had ended and they were all heading back to the castle for lunch. 
“That’s more what I thought Care of Magical Creatures would be like proper creatures like unicorns, not monsters. 
“What about him?” said Parvati in a hard voice. 
“him can still be gamekeeper, can’t him?” Parvati had been very cool toward Harry since the ball. 
Harry supposed that Harry ought to have paid her a bit more attention, but her seemed to have had a good time all the same. 
her was certainly telling anybody who would listen that her had made arrangements to meet the boy from Beauxbatons in Hogsmeade on the next weekend trip. 
“That was a really good lesson,” said Hermione as they entered the Great Hall. 
“I didn’t know half the things Professor Grubbly-Plank told us about uni — ” “Look at this!” Harry snarled, and Harry shoved the Daily Prophet article under Hermione ’s nose. 
Hermione ’s mouth fell open as Hermione read. 
Hermione reaction was exactly the same as Ron’s. 
“How did that horrible Skeeter woman find out? 
“He never even told us, did He? 
“We’d have seen her in the garden!” said Ron. 
“Anyway, she’s not supposed to come into school anymore, Hagrid said Dumbledore banned she. 
“Sort of thing she’d do, isn’t it, hide in bushes listening to people.” “Like you and Ron did, you mean,” said Hermione. 
“We weren’t trying to hear him!” said Ron indignantly. 
“We didn’t have any choice! 
“This evening, after Divination. 
“I — well, I’m not going to pretend it didn’t make a nice change, having a proper Care of Magical Creatures lesson for once — but I do want Hagrid back, of course I do!” Hermione added hastily, quailing under Harry’s furious stare. 
So that evening after dinner, the three of them left the castle once more and went down through the frozen grounds to Hagrid’s cabin. 
They knocked, and Fang’s booming barks answered. 
“Hagrid, it’s us!” Harry shouted, pounding on the door. 
“Open up! 
“He surely doesn’t think we’d care about He being half-giant?” But it seemed that Hagrid did care. 
They didn’t see a sign of him all week. 
him didn’t appear at the staff table at mealtimes, they didn’t see him going about him's gamekeeper duties on the grounds, and Professor Grubbly-Plank continued to take the Care of Magical Creatures classes. 
Malfoy was gloating at every possible opportunity. 
“Missing your half-breed pal?” he kept whispering to Harry whenever there was a teacher around, so that Harry was safe from Harry’s retaliation. 
“Missing the elephant-man?” There was a Hogsmeade visit halfway through January. 
Hermione was very surprised that Harry was going to go. 
“I just thought you’d want to take advantage of the common room being quiet,” she said. 
“Really get to work on that egg.” “Oh I — I reckon I’ve got a pretty good idea what it’s about now,” Harry lied. 
“Have you really?” said Hermione, looking impressed. 
“Well done!” Harry’s insides gave a guilty squirm, but Harry ignored them. 
Harry still had five weeks to work out that egg clue, after all, and that was ages whereas if Harry went into Hogsmeade, Harry might run into Hagrid, and get a chance to persuade Harry to come back. 
He, Ron, and Hermione left the castle together on Saturday and set off through the cold, wet grounds toward the gates. 
As they passed the Durmstrang ship moored in the lake, they saw Viktor Krum emerge onto the deck, dressed in nothing but swimming trunks. 
Viktor Krum was very skinny indeed, but apparently a lot tougher than Viktor Krum looked, because Viktor Krum climbed up onto the side of the ship, stretched out Viktor Krum's arms, and dived, right into the lake. 
“He’s mad!” said Harry, staring at Krum’s dark head as it bobbed out into the middle of the lake. 
“It must be freezing, It’s January!” “It’s a lot colder where he comes from,” said Hermione. 
“I suppose it feels quite warm to him.” “Yeah, but there’s still the giant squid,” said Ron. 
him didn’t sound anxious — if anything, him sounded hopeful. 
Hermione noticed him's tone of voice and frowned. 
“him’s really nice, you know,” she said. 
“He’s not at all like you’d think, coming from Durmstrang. 
He hadn’t mentioned Viktor Krum since the ball, but Harry had found a miniature arm under Harry's bed on Boxing Day, which had looked very much as though it had been snapped off a small model figure wearing Bulgarian Quidditch robes. 
Harry kept Harry's eyes skinned for a sign of Hagrid all the way down the slushy High Street, and suggested a visit to the Three Broomsticks once he had ascertained that Hagrid was not in any of the shops. 
The pub was as crowded as ever, but one quick look around at all the tables told Harry that Hagrid wasn’t there. 
Heart sinking, he went up to the bar with Ron and Hermione, ordered three butter-beers from Madam Rosmerta, and thought gloomily that he might just as well have stayed behind and listened to the egg wailing after all. 
“Doesn’t he ever go into the office?” Hermione whispered suddenly. 
“Look!” She pointed into the mirror behind the bar, and Harry saw Ludo Bagman reflected there, sitting in a shadowy corner with a bunch of goblins. 
Bagman was talking very fast in a low voice to the goblins, all of whom had their arms crossed and were looking rather menacing. 
It was indeed odd, Harry thought, that Bagman was here at the Three Broomsticks on a weekend when there was no Triwizard event, and therefore no judging to be done. 
Harry watched Bagman in the mirror. 
Harry was looking strained again, quite as strained as Harry had that night in the forest before the Dark Mark had appeared. 
But just then Bagman glanced over at the bar, saw Harry, and stood up. 
“In a moment, in a moment!” Harry heard him say brusquely to the goblins, and Bagman hurried through the pub toward Harry, Harry's boyish grin back in place. 
“Harry!” he said. 
“How are you? 
“Wonder if I could have a quick, private word, Harry?” said Bagman eagerly. 
“You couldn’t give us a moment, you two, could you?” “Er — okay,” said Ron, and he and Hermione went off to find a table. 
Bagman led Harry along the bar to the end furthest from Madam Rosmerta. 
“Well, I just thought I’d congratulate you again on your splendid performance against that Horntail, Harry,” said Bagman. 
“Really superb.” “Thanks,” said Harry, but Harry knew this couldn’t be all that Bagman wanted to say, because Harry could have congratulated Harry in front of Ron and Hermione. 
Bagman didn’t seem in any particular rush to spill the beans, though. 
Harry saw him glance into the mirror over the bar at the goblins, who were all watching Harry and Harry in silence through their dark, slanting eyes. 
“Absolute nightmare,” said Bagman to Harry in an undertone, noticing Harry watching the goblins too. 
“Their English isn’t too good it’s like being back with all the Bulgarians at the Quidditch World Cup but at least they used sign language another human could recognize. 
“What do they want?” Harry said, noticing how the goblins were still watching Bagman very closely. 
“Er — well ” said Bagman, looking suddenly nervous. 
“They er they’re looking for Barry Crouch.” “Why are they looking for him here?” said Harry. 
“He’s at the Ministry in London, isn’t He?” “Er as a matter of fact, I’ve no idea where he is,” said Bagman. 
“he’s sort of stopped coming to work. 
“No,” said Bagman, looking strained again. 
“I’ve got people looking, of course ” (About time, thought Harry) “and it’s all very strange. 
Bagman seemed to know Bagman wasn’t being honest. 
“Listen, Harry,” he said (still in a very low voice), “I feel very bad about all this you were thrown into this tournament, you didn’t volunteer for it and if ” (his voice was so quiet now, Harry had to lean closer to listen) “if I can help at all a prod in the right direction I’ve taken a liking to you the way you got past that dragon! 
“We’re supposed to work out the clues alone, aren’t We?” he said, careful to keep his voice casual and not sound as though he was accusing the head of the Department of Magical Games and Sports of breaking the rules. 
“Well well, yes,” said Bagman impatiently, “but — come on, Harry — we all want a Hogwarts victory, don’t we?” “Have you offered Cedric help?” Harry said. 
The smallest of frowns creased Bagman’s smooth face. 
“No, I haven’t,” he said. 
“I — well, like I say, I’ve taken a liking to you. 
Bagman looked almost affronted, but couldn’t say much more as Fred and George turned up at that point. 
“Hello, Mister Bagman,” said Fred brightly. 
“Can we buy you a drink?” “Er no,” said Bagman, with a last disappointed glance at Harry, “no, thank you, boys ” Fred and George looked quite as disappointed as Bagman, who was surveying Harry as though Harry had let Harry down badly. 
“Well, I must dash,” he said. 
“Nice seeing you all. 
The goblins all slid off The goblins all's chairs and exited after him. 
Harry went to rejoin Ron and Hermione. 
“What did he want?” Ron said, the moment Harry had sat down. 
“he offered to help me with the golden egg,” said Harry. 
“he shouldn’t be doing that!” said Hermione, looking very shocked. 
“he’s one of the judges! 
“Well, I don’t think Dumbledore would like it if Dumbledore knew Bagman was trying to persuade you to cheat!” said Hermione, still looking deeply disapproving. 
“I hope he’s trying to help Cedric as much!” “He’s not, I asked,” said Harry. 
“Who cares if Diggory’s getting help?” said Ron. 
Harry privately agreed. 
“Those goblins didn’t look very friendly,” said Hermione, sipping Hermione's butterbeer. 
“What were they doing here?” “Looking for Crouch, according to Bagman,” said Harry. 
“He’s still ill. Hasn’t been into work.” “Maybe Percy’s poisoning Percy,” said Ron. 
“Probably thinks if Crouch snuffs it Crouch’ll be made head of the Department of International Magical Cooperation.” Hermione gave Ron a don’t -joke-about-things-like- that look, and said, “Funny, goblins looking for Mister Crouch . 
“Maybe they need an interpreter.” “Worrying about poor ’ickle goblins, now, are you?” Ron asked Hermione. 
“Thinking of starting up S.P.U.G. 
“Goblins don’t need protection. 
“Well, they’re quite capable of dealing with wizards,” said Hermione, taking another sip of butterbeer. 
“they’re very clever. 
Rita Skeeter had just entered. 
Rita Skeeter was wearing banana-yellow robes today; Rita Skeeter's long nails were painted shocking pink, and Rita Skeeter was accompanied by Rita Skeeter's paunchy photographer. 
Rita Skeeter bought drinks, and Rita Skeeter and the photographer made their way through the crowds to a table nearby, Harry, Ron, and Hermione glaring at Shis as She approached. 
She was talking fast and looking very satisfied about something. " 
didn’t seem very keen to talk to us, did he, Bozo? 
Now, why would that be, do you think? 
And what’s he doing with a pack of goblins in tow anyway? 
Showing them the sights what nonsense he was always a bad liar. 
Reckon something’s up? 
Think we should do a bit of digging? 
‘Disgraced Ex-Head of Magical Games and Sports, Ludo Bagman ’ Snappy start to a sentence, Bozo — we just need to find a story to fit it — ” “Trying to ruin someone else’s life?” said Harry loudly. 
A few people looked around. 
Rita Skeeter ’s eyes widened behind Rita Skeeter's jeweled spectacles as she saw who had spoken. 
“Harry!” she said, beaming. 
“How lovely! 
“What did you do that to Hagrid for, eh?” Rita Skeeter raised ” Rita Skeeter's heavily penciled eyebrows. 
“Our readers have a right to the truth, Harry. 
“There’s nothing wrong with him!” The whole pub had gone very quiet. 
Madam Rosmerta was staring over from behind the bar, apparently oblivious to the fact that the flagon Madam Rosmerta was filling with mead was overflowing. 
Rita Skeeter’s smile flickered very slightly, but Rita Skeeter’s hitched it back almost at once; Rita Skeeter’s snapped open her crocodile-skin handbag, pulled out Rita Skeeter’s's Quick-Quotes Quill, and said, “How about giving me an interview about the Hagrid you know, Harry? 
“You horrible woman,” You horrible woman said, through gritted teeth, “you don’t care, do you, anything for a story, and anyone will do, won’t they? 
“I know things about Ludo Bagman that would make your hair curl not that it needs it — ” she added, eyeing Hermione ’s bushy hair. 
“Let’s go,” said Hermione, “c’mon, Harry — Ron ” They left; many people were staring at They as many people went. 
Harry glanced back as They reached the door. 
Rita Skeeter’s Quick-Quotes Quill was out; it was zooming backward and forward over a piece of parchment on the table. 
“She’ll be after you next, Hermione,” said Ron in a low and worried voice as they walked quickly back up the street. 
“Let Shis try!” said Hermione defiantly; She was shaking with rage. 
“I’ll show She! 
“I’m serious, Hermione, Hermione’ll dig up something on you — ” “My parents don’t read the Daily Prophet Hermione can’t scare me into hiding!” said Hermione, now striding along so fast that it was all Harry and Ron could do to keep up with Hermione. 
The last time Harry had seen Hermione in a rage like this, she had hit Draco Malfoy around the face. 
“And Hagrid isn’t hiding anymore! 
The curtains were still drawn, and they could hear Fang barking as they approached. 
“Hagrid!” Hermione shouted, pounding on his front door. 
“Hagrid, that’s enough! 
Hermione said, “About t — !” and then stopped, very suddenly, because Hermione had found Hermione face-to-face, not with Hagrid, but with Albus Dumbledore. 
“Good afternoon,” he said pleasantly, smiling down at them. 
“We — er — we wanted to see Hagrid,” said Hermione in a rather small voice. 
“Yes, I surmised as much,” said Dumbledore, his eyes twinkling. 
“Why don’t you come in?” “Oh um okay,” said Hermione. 
She, Ron, and Harry went into the cabin; Fang launched himself upon Harry the moment himself entered, barking madly and trying to lick himself's ears. 
Harry fended off Fang and looked around. 
Hagrid was sitting at Harry's table, where there were two large mugs of tea. 
He looked a real mess. 
He face was blotchy, He's eyes swollen, and He had gone to the other extreme where He's hair was concerned; far from trying to make it behave, it now looked like a wig of tangled wire. 
“Hi, Hagrid,” said Harry. 
Hagrid looked up. 
“ ’Lo,” he said in a very hoarse voice. 
“More tea, I think,” said Dumbledore, closing the door behind Harry, Ron, and Hermione, drawing out his wand, and twiddling it; a revolving tea tray appeared in midair along with a plate of cakes. 
Dumbledore magicked the tray onto the table, and everybody sat down. 
There was a slight pause, and then Dumbledore said, “Did you by any chance hear what Miss Granger was shouting, Hagrid?” Hermione went slightly pink, but Dumbledore smiled at Hermione's and continued, “Hermione, Harry, and Ron still seem to want to know you, judging by the way “Hermione, Harry, and Ron were attempting to break down the door.” “Of course we still want to know you!” Harry said, staring at Hagrid. 
“You don’t think anything that Skeeter cow — sorry, Professor,” he added quickly, looking at Dumbledore. 
“I have gone temporarily deaf and haven’t any idea what you said, Harry,” said Dumbledore, twiddling his thumbs and staring at the ceiling. 
“Er — right,” said Harry sheepishly. 
“I just meant — Hagrid, how could you think we’d care what that — woman — wrote about you?” Two fat tears leaked out of Hagrid ’s beetle-black eyes and fell slowly into his tangled beard. 
“Living proof of what I’ve been telling you, Hagrid,” said Dumbledore, still looking carefully up at the ceiling. 
“I have shown you the letters from the countless parents who remember you from their own days here, telling me in no uncertain terms that if I sacked you, their would have something to say about it — ” “Not all of ’em,” said Hagrid hoarsely. 
“Not all of ’em wan’ me ter stay.” “Really, Hagrid, if you are holding out for universal popularity, I’m afraid you will be in this cabin for a very long time,” said Dumbledore, now peering sternly over his half-moon spectacles. 
“Not a week has passed since I became headmaster of this school when I haven’t had at least one owl complaining about the way I run it. 
“Hagrid, look what I’ve got for relatives!” Harry said furiously. 
“Look at the Dursleys!” “An excellent point,” said Professor Dumbledore. 
“My own brother, Aberforth, was prosecuted for practicing inappropriate charms on a goat. 
More tears leaked out down his cheeks and into his tangled beard. 
Dumbledore stood up. 
“I refuse to accept your resignation, Hagrid, and I expect you back at work on Monday,” he said. 
“You will join me for breakfast at eight-thirty in the Great Hall. 
When the door had shut behind him, Hagrid began to sob into him's dustbin-lid-sized hands. 
Hermione kept patting his arm, and at last, Hagrid looked up, his eyes very red indeed, and said, “Great man, Dumbledore great man ” “Yeah, he is,” said Ron. 
“Can I have one of these cakes, Hagrid?” “Help yerself,” said Hagrid, wiping his eyes on the back of his hand. 
“Ar, he’s righ’, o’ course — yeh’re all righ’ I bin stupid my ol’ dad woulda bin ashamed o’ the way I’ve bin behavin’. 
Hagrid was a good seven or eight feet tall, judging by the apple tree beside him, but him's face was beardless, young, round, and smooth — him looked hardly older than eleven. 
“Tha’ was taken jus’ after I got inter Hogwarts,” Hagrid croaked. 
“Dad was dead chuffed thought I migh’ not be a wizard, see, ’cos me mum well, anyway. 
“Yeh know wha’, Harry?” Yeh said, looking up from the photograph of Yeh's father, Yeh's eyes very bright, “when I firs’ met you, you reminded me o’ me a bit. 
“Really great.” Hagrid ’s miserable face broke into a wide, watery smile. 
“Tha’s my boy you show ’em, Harry, you show ’em. 
Harry went back to the castle later that afternoon with Ron and Hermione, unable to banish the image of the happy expression on Hagrid’s whiskery face as he had imagined Harry winning the tournament. 
The incomprehensible egg weighed more heavily than ever on Harry’s conscience that evening, and by the time he had got into bed, he had made up his mind — it was time to shelve his pride and see if Cedric’s hint was worth anything. 
As Harry had no idea how long a bath Harry would need to work out the secret of the golden egg, Harry decided to do it at night, when Harry would be able to take as much time as Harry wanted. 
Reluctant though Harry was to accept more favours from Cedric, Harry also decided to use the prefects’ bathroom; far fewer people were allowed in there, so it was much less likely that Harry would be disturbed. 
Harry planned Harry's excursion carefully, because Harry had been caught out of bed and out-of-bounds by Filch the caretaker in the middle of the night once before, and had no desire to repeat the experience. 
The Invisibility Cloak would, of course, be essential, and as an added precaution, Harry thought Harry would take the Marauder’s Map, which, next to the cloak, was the most useful aid to rule-breaking Harry owned. 
The map showed the whole of Hogwarts, including its many shortcuts and secret passageways and, most important of all, it revealed the people inside the castle as minuscule, labeled dots, moving around the corridors, so that Harry would be forewarned if somebody was approaching the bathroom. 
On Thursday night, Harry sneaked up to bed, put on the cloak, crept back downstairs, and, just as Harry had done on the night when Hagrid had shown Harry the dragons, waited for the portrait hole to open. 
This time it was Ron who waited outside to give the Fat Lady the password (“banana fritters”). 
“Good luck,” Ron muttered, climbing into the room as Harry crept out past Harry. 
It was awkward moving under the cloak tonight, because Harry had the heavy egg under one arm and the map held in front of Harry's nose with the other. 
However, the moonlit corridors were empty and silent, and by checking the map at strategic intervals, Harry was able to ensure that Harry wouldn’t run into anyone Harry wanted to avoid. 
When Harry reached the statue of Boris the Bewildered, a lost-looking wizard with Harry's gloves on the wrong hands, Harry located the right door, leaned close to the right door, and muttered the password, “Pine fresh,” just as Cedric had told Harry. 
The door creaked open. 
Harry slipped inside, bolted the door behind Harry, and pulled off the Invisibility Cloak, looking around. 
Harry immediate reaction was that it would be worth becoming a prefect just to be able to use this bathroom. 
It was softly lit by a splendid candle-filled chandelier, and everything was made of white marble, including what looked like an empty, rectangular swimming pool sunk into the middle of the floor. 
About a hundred golden taps stood all around the pool’s edges, each with a differently colored jewel set into its handle. 
There was also a diving board. 
Long white linen curtains hung at the windows; a large pile of fluffy white towels sat in a corner, and there was a single golden-framed painting on the wall. 
a single golden-framed painting on the wall featured a blonde mermaid who was fast asleep on a rock, her long hair over her face. 
It fluttered every time she snored. 
Harry moved forward, looking around, Harry's footsteps echoing off the walls. 
Magnificent though the bathroom was — and quite keen though he was to try out a few of those taps — now he was here he couldn’t quite suppress the feeling that Cedric might have been having he on. 
How on earth was this supposed to help solve the mystery of the egg? 
Nevertheless, he put one of the fluffy towels, the cloak, the map, and the egg at the side of the swimming-pool-sized bath, then knelt down and turned on a few of the taps. 
he could tell at once that they carried different sorts of bubble bath mixed with the water, though it wasn’t bubble bath as Harry had ever experienced it. 
One tap gushed pink and blue bubbles the size of footballs; another poured ice-white foam so thick that Harry thought it would have supported Harry's weight if Harry’d cared to test it; a third sent heavily perfumed purple clouds hovering over the surface of the water. 
Harry amused Harry for a while turning the taps on and off, particularly enjoying the effect of one whose jet bounced off the surface of the water in large arcs. 
Then, when the deep pool was full of hot water, foam, and bubbles, which took a very short time considering its size, Harry turned off all the taps, pulled off Harry's pajamas, slippers, and dressing gown, and slid into the water. 
It was so deep that Harry's feet barely touched the bottom, and Harry actually did a couple of lengths before swimming back to the side and treading water, staring at the egg. 
Highly enjoyable though it was to swim in hot and foamy water with clouds of different- colored steam wafting all around Harry, no stroke of brilliance came to Harry, no sudden burst of understanding. 
Harry stretched out Harry's arms, lifted the egg in Harry's wet hands, and opened his ['s]. 
The wailing, screeching sound filled the bathroom, echoing and reverberating off the marble walls, but it sounded just as incomprehensible as ever, if not more so with all the echoes. 
He snapped it shut again, worried that the sound would attract Filch, wondering whether that hadn’t been Cedric’s plan — and then, making him jump so badly that him dropped the egg, which clattered away across the bathroom floor, someone spoke. 
“I’d try putting it in the water, if I were you.” Harry had swallowed a considerable amount of bubbles in shock. 
Harry stood up, sputtering, and saw the ghost of a very glum-looking girl sitting cross- legged on top of one of the taps. 
It was Moaning Myrtle, who was usually to be heard sobbing in the S- bend of a toilet three floors below. 
“Myrtle!” Harry said in outrage, “I’m — I’m not wearing anything!” The foam was so dense that this hardly mattered, but Harry had a nasty feeling that Myrtle had been spying on Harry from out of one of the taps ever since Harry had arrived. 
“I closed my eyes when you got in,” she said, blinking at Harry through shis thick spectacles. 
“You haven’t been to see me for ages.” “Yeah well ” said Harry, bending Harry's knees slightly, just to make absolutely sure Myrtle couldn’t see anything but Harry's head, “I’m not supposed to come into your bathroom, am I? 
“You used to be in there all the time.” This was true, though only because Harry, Ron, and Hermione had found Myrtle’s out-of-order toilets a convenient place to brew Polyjuice Potion in secret — a forbidden potion that had turned him and Ron into living replicas of Crabbe and Goyle for an hour, so that they could sneak into the Slytherin common room. 
“I got told off for going in there,” said Harry, which was half-true; Percy had once caught Percy coming out of Myrtle’s bathroom. 
“I thought I’d better not come back after that.” “Oh I see ” said Myrtle, picking at a spot on her chin in a morose sort of way. 
“Well anyway I’d try the egg in the water. 
“What d’you do, sneak up here in the evenings to watch the prefects take baths?” “Sometimes,” said Myrtle, rather slyly, “but I’ve never come out to speak to anyone before.” “I’m honored,” said Harry darkly. 
“You keep your eyes shut!” Harry made sure Myrtle had her glasses well covered before hoisting Harry out of the bath, wrapping the towel firmly around Harry's waist, and going to retrieve the egg. 
Once Harry was back in the water, Myrtle peered through her fingers and said, “Go on, then open it under the water!” Harry lowered the egg beneath the foamy surface and opened the egg and this time, it did not wail. 
A gurgling song was coming out of it, a song whose words he couldn’t distinguish through the water. 
“You need to put your head under too,” said Myrtle, who seemed to be thoroughly enjoying bossing he around. 
“Go on!” Harry took a great breath and slid under the surface — and now, sitting on the marble bottom of the bubble-filled bath, Harry heard a chorus of eerie voices singing to Harry from the open egg in Harry's hands: “Come seek us where our voices sound, We cannot sing above the ground, And while you’re searching ponder this: We’ve taken what you’ll sorely miss, An hour long you’ll have to look, And to recover what We took, But past an hour — the prospect’s black, Too late, it’s gone, it won’t come back.” Harry let Harry float back upward and broke the bubbly surface, shaking Harry's hair out of Harry's eyes. 
“Hear it?” said Myrtle. 
“Yeah ‘Come seek us where our voices sound ’ and if I need persuading hang on, I need to listen again. 
It took three more underwater renditions of the egg’s song before Harry had it memorized; then Harry trod water for a while, thinking hard, while Myrtle sat and watched Harry. 
“I’ve got to go and look for people who can’t use their voices above the ground. 
“Er who could that be?” “Slow, aren’t you?” He had never seen Moaning Myrtle so cheerful, apart from the day when a dose of Polyjuice Potion had given Hermione the hairy face and tail of a cat. 
Harry stared around the bathroom, thinking if the voices could only be heard underwater, then it made sense for the voices to belong to underwater creatures. 
Harry ran this theory past Myrtle, who smirked at Harry. 
“Well, that’s what Diggory thought,” she said. 
“He lay there talking to He for ages about it. 
“Myrtle what lives in the lake, apart from the giant squid?” “Oh all sorts,” she said. 
“I sometimes go down there sometimes don’t have any choice, if someone flushes my toilet when I’m not expecting it. 
“Myrtle, there aren’t merpeople in there, are there?” “Oooh, very good,” she said, shis thick glasses twinkling, “it took Diggory much longer than that! 
“The second task’s to go and find the merpeople in the lake and and ” But he suddenly realized what he was saying, and he felt the excitement drain out of he as though someone had just pulled a plug in his stomach. 
he wasn’t a very good swimmer; he’d never had much practice. 
Dudley had had lessons in his youth, but Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon, no doubt hoping that Harry would drown one day, hadn’t bothered to give Harry any. 
A couple of lengths of this bath were all very well, but that lake was very large, and very deep and merpeople would surely live right at the bottom. 
“Myrtle,” Harry said slowly, “how am I supposed to breathe ?” At this, Myrtle’s eyes filled with sudden tears again. 
“Tactless!” she muttered, groping in her robes for a handkerchief. 
“What’s tactless?” said Harry, bewildered. 
“Talking about breathing in front of me!” she said shrilly, and shis voice echoed loudly around the bathroom. 
“When I can’t when I haven’t not for ages ” she buried shis face in shis handkerchief and sniffed loudly. 
Harry remembered how touchy Myrtle had always been about being dead, but none of the other ghosts Harry knew made such a fuss about it. 
“Sorry,” Harry said impatiently. 
“I didn’t mean — I just forgot ” “Oh yes, very easy to forget Myrtle’s dead,” said Myrtle, gulping, looking at him out of swollen eyes. 
“Nobody missed me even when I was alive. 
“We’ve taken what you’ll sorely miss.” That sounded as though they were going to steal something of his, something his had to get back. 
What were they going to take? 
“ — and then, of course, she went to the Ministry of Magic to stop me stalking she, so I had to come back here and live in my toilet.” “Good,” said Harry vaguely. 
“Well, I’m a lot further on than I was. 
“Will you come and visit me in my bathroom again sometime?” Moaning Myrtle asked mournfully as Harry picked up the Invisibility Cloak. 
“Er I’ll try,” Harry said, though privately thinking the only way Harry’d be visiting Myrtle’s bathroom again was if every other toilet in the castle got blocked. 
“See you, Myrtle thanks for your help.” “ ’Bye, ’bye,” she said gloomily, and as Harry put on the Invisibility Cloak he saw shis zoom back up the tap. 
Out in the dark corridor, Harry examined the Marauder’s Map to check that the coast was still clear. 
Yes, the dots belonging to Filch and his cat, Mistress Norris, were safely in their office nothing else seemed to be moving apart from Peeves, though he was bouncing around the trophy room on the floor above. 
Harry had taken Harry's first step back toward Gryffindor Tower when something else on the map caught Harry's eye something distinctly odd. 
Peeves was not the only thing that was moving. 
A single dot was flitting around a room in the bottom left-hand corner — Snape’s office. 
But A single dot wasn’t labeled “Severus Snape” it was Bartemius Crouch. 
Harry stared at A single dot. 
Mister Crouch was supposed to be too ill to go to work or to come to the Yule Ball — so what was Mister Crouch doing, sneaking into Hogwarts at one o’clock in the morning? 
Harry watched closely as the dot moved around and around the room, pausing here and there. 
Harry hesitated, thinking and then Harry's curiosity got the better of Harry. 
Harry turned and set off in the opposite direction toward the nearest staircase. 
Harry was going to see what Crouch was up to. 
Harry walked down the stairs as quietly as possible, though the faces in some of the portraits still turned curiously at the squeak of a floorboard, the rustle of Harry's pajamas. 
Harry crept along the corridor below, pushed aside a tapestry about halfway along, and proceeded down a narrower staircase, a shortcut that would take Harry down two floors. 
Harry kept glancing down at the map, wondering It just didn’t seem in character, somehow, for correct, law-abiding Mister Crouch to be sneaking around somebody else’s office this late at night. 
And then, halfway down the staircase, not thinking about what he was doing, not concentrating on anything but the peculiar behavior of Mister Crouch, Harry’s leg suddenly sank right through the trick step Neville always forgot to jump. 
Harry gave an ungainly wobble, and the golden egg, still damp from the bath, slipped from under Harry's arm. 
Harry lurched forward to try and catch it, but too late; the golden egg fell down the long staircase with a bang as loud as a bass drum on every step — the Invisibility Cloak slipped Harry Harry snatched at it, and the Marauder’s Map fluttered out of Harry's hand and slid down six stairs, where, sunk in the step to above Harry Harry's knee, Harry Harry couldn’t reach it. 
the golden egg fell through the tapestry at the bottom of the staircase, burst open, and began wailing loudly in the corridor below. 
Harry pulled out Harry's wand and struggled to touch the Marauder’s Map, to wipe it blank, but it was too far away to reach — Pulling the cloak back over Harry straightened up, listening hard with Harry's eyes screwed up with fear and, almost immediately — It was the unmistakable hunting cry of Filch the caretaker. 
Harry could hear Harry's rapid, shuffling footsteps coming nearer and nearer, Harry's wheezy voice raised in fury. 
“What’s this racket? 
Harry stood very still, one leg still jammed tightly in the magical step, listening. 
Any moment now, Filch was going to pull aside the tapestry, expecting to see Peeves and there would be no Peeves but if he came up the stairs, he would spot the Marauder’s Map and Invisibility Cloak or not, the map would show “Harry Potter” standing exactly where he was. 
“Egg?” Filch said quietly at the foot of the stairs. 
“My sweet!” — Mistress Norris was obviously with him — “This is a Triwizard clue! 
“You’ve been stealing!” He ripped back the tapestry below, and Harry saw Harry's horrible, pouchy face and bulging, pale eyes staring up the dark and (to Filch) deserted staircase. 
“Hiding, are you?” he said softly. 
“I’m coming to get you, Peeves. 
Mistress Norris’s lamp-like eyes, so very like her master’s, were fixed directly upon Harry. 
He had had occasion before now to wonder whether the Invisibility Cloak worked on cats. 
Sick with apprehension, He watched Filch drawing nearer and nearer in He's old flannel dressing gown — He tried desperately to pull He's trapped leg free, but He's trapped leg merely sank a few more inches — any second now, Filch was going to spot the map or walk right into him Filch? 
At the foot of the stairs stood the only person who could make Harry’s situation worse: Snape. 
Harry was wearing a long gray nightshirt and Harry looked livid. 
“It’s Peeves, Professor,” Filch whispered malevolently. 
“He threw this egg down the stairs.” Snape climbed up the stairs quickly and stopped beside Filch. 
Harry gritted Harry's teeth, convinced Harry's loudly thumping heart would give Harry away at any second. 
“Peeves?” said Snape softly, staring at the egg in Filch’s hands. 
“But Peeves couldn’t get into my office. 
“I heard banging and wailing — ” “Yes, Professor, that was the egg — ” “ — I was coming to investigate — ” “ — Peeves threw it, Professor — ” “ — and when I passed my office, I saw that the torches were lit and a cupboard door was ajar! 
“I seal my office with a spell none but a wizard could break!” Snape looked up the stairs, straight through Harry, and then down into the corridor below. 
“I want you to come and help me search for the intruder, Filch.” “I — yes, Professor — but — ” Filch looked yearningly up the stairs, right through Harry, who could see that he was very reluctant to forgo the chance of cornering Peeves. 
Go, Harry pleaded with Harry silently, go with Snape go Mistress Norris was peering around Filch ’s legs. 
Harry had the distinct impression that Mistress Norris could smell Harry. 
Why had Harry filled that bath with so much perfumed foam? 
“The thing is, Professor,” said Filch plaintively, “the headmaster will have to listen to me this time. 
Clunk. 
Clunk. 
Snape stopped talking very abruptly. 
Snape and Filch both looked down at the foot of the stairs. 
Harry saw Mad-Eye Moody limp into sight through the narrow gap between their heads. 
Moody was wearing his old traveling cloak over his nightshirt and leaning on his staff as usual. 
“Pajama party, is it?” he growled up the stairs. 
“Professor Snape and I heard noises, Professor,” said Filch at once. 
“Peeves the Poltergeist, throwing things around as usual — and then Professor Snape discovered that someone had broken into Professor Snape's off — ” “Shut up!” Professor Snape hissed to Filch. 
Moody took a step closer to the foot of the stairs. 
Harry saw Moody’s magical eye travel over Snape, and then, unmistakably, onto Harry. 
Harry’s heart gave a horrible jolt. 
Moody could see through Invisibility Cloaks Moody alone could see the full strangeness of the scene: Snape in his nightshirt, Filch clutching the egg, and he, Harry, trapped in the stairs behind them. 
Moody’s lopsided gash of a mouth opened in surprise. 
For a few seconds, he and Harry stared straight into each other’s eyes. 
Then Moody closed his mouth and turned his blue eye upon Snape again. 
“Did I hear that correctly, Snape?” Snape? 
“Someone broke into your office?” “It is unimportant,” said Snape coldly. 
“On the contrary,” growled Moody, “it is very important. 
Harry could see a vein flickering horribly on Snape ’s greasy temple. 
“It has happened before. 
“Not hiding anything else in your office, are you?” Harry saw the edge of Snape ’s sallow face turn a nasty brick color, the vein in Harry's temple pulsing more rapidly. 
“You know I’m hiding nothing, Moody,” ’m said in a soft and dangerous voice, “as you’ve searched my office pretty thoroughly yourself.” Moody’s face twisted into a smile. 
“Auror’s privilege, Snape. 
“I refuse to believe that he gave you orders to search my office!” “ ’Course Dumbledore trusts you,” growled Moody. 
“he’s a trusting man, isn’t he’s a trusting man? 
he seized he’s a trusting man's left forearm convulsively with he’s a trusting man's right hand, as though something on it had hurt he’s a trusting man. 
Moody laughed. 
“Get back to bed, Snape.” “You don’t have the authority to send me anywhere!” Snape hissed, letting go of Snape's arm as though angry with himself. 
“I have as much right to prowl this school after dark as you do!” “Prowl away,” said Moody, but his voice was full of menace. 
“I look forward to meeting you in a dark corridor some time. 
As Snape and Filch both turned to look at it, Harry threw caution to the winds; Harry raised Harry's arms under the cloak and waved furiously at Moody to attract Harry's attention, mouthing “It’s mine! 
“It’s mine — must’ve dropped it earlier — ” But Snape ’s black eyes were darting from the egg in Filch’s arms to the map in Moody’s hand, and Harry could tell Harry was putting two and two together, as only Snape could. 
“Potter,” Harry said quietly. 
“What’s that?” said Moody calmly, folding up the map and pocketing it. 
“Potter!” Snape snarled, and Snape actually turned Snape's head and stared right at the place where Harry was, as though Harry could suddenly see Harry. 
“That egg is Potter’s egg. 
“Meaning that Dumbledore’s very interested to know who’s got it in for that boy!” said Moody, limping nearer still to the foot of the stairs. 
“And so am I, Snape very interested. 
Snape was looking down at Moody, and Harry couldn’t see the expression on Harry's face. 
For a moment, nobody moved or said anything. 
Then Snape slowly lowered Snape's hands. 
“I merely thought,” said Snape, in a voice of forced calm, “that if Potter was wandering around after hours again it’s an unfortunate habit of his his should be stopped. 
“Got Potter’s best interests at heart, have you?” There was a pause. 
Snape and Moody were still staring at each other. 
Mistress Norris gave a loud meow, still peering around Filch’s legs, looking for the source of Harry’s bubble-bath smell. 
“I think I will go back to bed,” Snape said curtly. 
“Best idea you’ve had all night,” said Moody. 
“Now, Filch, if you’ll just give me that egg — ” “No!” said Filch, clutching the egg as though the egg were his firstborn son. 
“Professor Moody, this is evidence of Peeves’ treachery!” “It’s the property of the champion he stole it from,” said Professor Moody. 
“Hand it over, now.” Snape swept downstairs and passed Professor Moody without another word. 
Filch made a chirruping noise to Mistress Norris, who stared blankly at Harry for a few more seconds before turning and following her master. 
Still breathing very fast, Harry heard Snape walking away down the corridor; Filch handed Moody the egg and disappeared from view too, muttering to Mistress Norris. 
“Never mind, my sweet we’ll see Dumbledore in the morning tell him what Peeves was up to. 
Harry was left staring down at Moody, who placed Harry's staff on the bottommost stair and started to climb laboriously toward Harry, a dull clunk on every other step. 
“Close shave, Potter,” he muttered. 
“Yeah I — er thanks,” said Harry weakly. 
“What is this thing?” said Moody, drawing the Marauders Map out of his pocket and unfolding it. 
“Map of Hogwarts,” said Harry, hoping Moody was going to pull Harry out of the staircase soon; Harry's leg was really hurting Harry. 
“Merlin’s beard,” Moody whispered, staring at the map, his magical eye going haywire. 
“This this is some map, Potter!” “Yeah, it’s quite useful,” Harry said. 
Harry eyes were starting to water from the pain. 
“Er — Professor Moody, d’you think you could help me — ?” “What? 
Moody was still gazing at the map. 
“Potter ” “Potter said slowly, “you didn’t happen, by any chance, to see who broke into Snape’s office, did you? 
“It was Mister Crouch.” Moody’s magical eye whizzed over the entire surface of the map. 
He looked suddenly alarmed. 
“Crouch?” He said. 
“You’re — you’re sure, Potter?” “Positive,” said Harry. 
“Well, he’s not here anymore,” said Moody, his eye still whizzing over the map. 
“Crouch that’s very — very interesting. 
Harry could tell that this news meant something to Moody and very much wanted to know what it was. 
Harry wondered whether Harry dared ask. 
Moody scared him slightly yet Moody had just helped him avoid an awful lot of trouble. 
“Er Professor Moody why d’you reckon Mister Crouch wanted to look around S nape’s office?” Moody’s magical eye left the map and fixed, quivering, upon Harry. 
It was a penetrating glare, and Harry had the impression that Moody was sizing Harry up, wondering whether to answer or not, or how much to tell Harry. 
“Put it this way, Potter,” Moody muttered finally, “they say old Mad-Eye’s obsessed with catching Dark wizards but I’m nothing — nothing — compared to Barty Crouch.” He continued to stare at the map. 
Harry was burning to know more. 
“Professor Moody?” Professor Moody? 
“D’you think could this have anything to do with maybe Mister Crouch thinks there’s something going on. 
Harry wondered how much Harry dare say. 
Harry didn’t want Moody to guess that Harry had a source of information outside Hogwarts; that might lead to tricky questions about Sirius. 
“I don’t know,” Harry muttered, “odd stuff’s been happening lately, hasn’t it? 
“You’re a sharp boy, Potter,” he said. 
he magical eye roved back to the Marauder’s Map. 
“Crouch could be thinking along those lines,” “Crouch said slowly. 
“Very possible there have been some funny rumors flying around lately — helped along by Rita Skeeter, of course. 
“Oh if there’s one thing I hate,” he muttered, more to he than to Harry, and his magical eye was fixed on the left-hand corner of the map, “it’s a Death Eater who walked free. 
Could Moody possibly mean what Harry thought Harry meant? 
“And now I want to ask you a question, Potter,” said Moody in a more businesslike tone. 
Harry’s heart sank; Harry’s had thought this was coming. 
Moody was going to ask where Moody had got this map, which was a very dubious magical object — and the story of how it had fallen into Moody's hands incriminated not only him, but his own father, Fred and George Weasley, and Professor Lupin, their last Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. 
Moody waved the map in front of Harry, who braced himself — “Can I borrow this?” “Oh!” said Harry. 
Harry was very fond of Harry's map, but on the other hand, Harry was extremely relieved that Moody wasn’t asking where He’d got it, and there was no doubt that Moody was owed Moody a favor. 
“Yeah, okay.” “Good boy,” growled Moody. 
“I can make good use of this this might be exactly what I’ve been looking for. 
They walked in silence to the door of Moody’s office, where he stopped and looked up at Harry. 
“You ever thought of a career as an Auror, Potter?” “No,” said Harry, taken aback. 
“You want to consider it,” said Moody, nodding and looking at Harry thoughtfully. 
“Yes, indeed and incidentally I’m guessing you weren’t just taking that egg for a walk tonight?” “Er — no,” said Harry, grinning. 
“I’ve been working out the clue.” Moody winked at him, him's magical eye going haywire again. 
“Nothing like a nighttime stroll to give you ideas, Potter. 
Harry walked slowly back to Gryffindor Tower, lost in thought about Snape, and Crouch, and what it all meant. 
Why was Crouch pretending to be ill, if Crouch could manage to get to Hogwarts when Crouch wanted to? 
What did he think Snape was concealing in his office? 
And Moody thought he, Harry, ought to be an Auror! 
Interesting idea but somehow, Harry thought, as Harry got quietly into Harry's four-poster ten minutes later, the egg and the cloak now safely back in his trunk, his thought his’d like to check how scarred the rest of them were before his chose it as a career. 
“You said you’d already worked out that egg clue!” said Hermione indignantly. 
“Keep your voice down!” said Harry crossly. 
“I just need to — sort of fine-tune it, all right?” He, Ron, and Hermione were sitting at the very back of the Charms class with a table to He, Ron, and Hermione. 
They were supposed to be practicing the opposite of the Summoning Charm today — the Banishing Charm. 
Owing to the potential for nasty accidents when objects kept flying across the room, Professor Flitwick had given each student a stack of cushions on which to practice, the theory being that these wouldn’t hurt anyone if they went off target. 
It was a good theory, but it wasn’t working very well. 
Neville’s aim was so poor that Neville’s kept accidentally sending much heavier things flying across the room — Professor Flitwick, for instance. 
“Just forget the egg for a minute, all right?” Harry hissed as Professor Flitwick went whizzing resignedly past them, landing on top of a large cabinet. 
“I’m trying to tell you about Snape and Moody. 
Harry had been recounting Harry's adventures of the previous night in whispered installments for the last half hour. 
“Snape said Moody’s searched Snape's office as well?” Ron whispered, his eyes alight with interest as his Banished a cushion with a sweep of his wand (it soared into the air and knocked Parvati’s hat off). 
“What d’you reckon Moody’s here to keep an eye on Snape as well as Karkaroff?” “Well, I dunno if that’s what Dumbledore asked Dumbledore to do, but Dumbledore’s definitely doing it,” said Harry, waving Dumbledore's wand without paying much attention, so that his cushion did an odd sort of belly flop off the desk. 
“Moody said Dumbledore only lets Snape stay here because Dumbledore’s giving him a second chance or something. 
“Harry maybe Moody thinks Snape put your name in the Goblet of Fire!” “Oh Ron,” said Hermione, shaking her head sceptically, “we thought Snape was trying to kill Harry before, and it turned out Harry was saving Harry’s life, remember?” She Banished a cushion and it flew across the room and landed in the box they were all supposed to be aiming at. 
Harry looked at Hermione, thinking it was true that Snape had saved Harry's life once, but the odd thing was, Snape definitely loathed Harry, just as he’d loathed Harry’s father when they had been at school together. 
Snape loved taking points from Harry, and had certainly never missed an opportunity to give Snape punishments, or even to suggest that Snape should be suspended from the school. 
“I don’t care what Moody says,” Hermione went on. 
“Dumbledore’s not stupid. 
“Come on, Hermione, why are all these Dark wizard catchers searching his office, then?” “Why has Mister Crouch been pretending to be ill?” said Hermione, ignoring Ron. 
“It’s a bit funny, isn’t it, that he can’t manage to come to the Yule Ball, but he can get up here in the middle of the night when he wants to?” “You just don’t like Crouch because of that elf, Winky,” said Ron, sending a cushion soaring into the window. 
“You just want to think Snape’s up to something,” said Hermione, sending Hermione's cushion zooming neatly into the box. 
“I just want to know what Snape did with his first chance, if his’s on his second one,” said Harry grimly, and Harry's cushion, to Harry's very great surprise, flew straight across the room and landed neatly on top of Hermione ’s. 
Obedient to Sirius’s wish of hearing about anything odd at Hogwarts, Harry sent him a letter by brown owl that night, explaining all about Mister Crouch breaking into Snape’s office, and Moody and Snape’s conversation. 
Then Harry turned Harry's attention in earnest to the most urgent problem facing Harry: how to survive underwater for an hour on the twenty- fourth of February. 
Ron quite liked the idea of using the Summoning Charm again — Harry had explained about Aqua- Lungs, and Ron couldn’t see why Harry shouldn’t Summon one from the nearest Muggle town. 
Hermione squashed this plan by pointing out that, in the unlikely event that Harry managed to learn how to operate an Aqua-Lung within the set limit of an hour, Harry was sure to be disqualified for breaking the International Code of Wizarding Secrecy — it was too much to hope that no Muggles would spot an Aqua- Lung zooming across the countryside to Hogwarts. 
“Of course, the ideal solution would be for you to Transfigure yourself into a submarine or something,” Hermione said. 
“If only we’d done human Transfiguration already! 
“I s’pose I could always attack someone in front of Moody; he might do it for me. 
“No, I think your best chance is some sort of charm.” So Harry, thinking that So Harry would soon have had enough of the library to last Harry a lifetime, buried Harry once more among the dusty volumes, looking for any spell that might enable a human to survive without oxygen. 
However, though he, Ron, and Hermione searched through their lunchtimes, evenings, and whole weekends — though Harry asked Professor McGonagall for a note of permission to use the Restricted Section, and even asked the irritable, vulture-like librarian, Madam Pince, for help — they found nothing whatsoever that would enable Harry to spend an hour underwater and live to tell the tale. 
Familiar flutterings of panic were starting to disturb Harry now, and Harry was finding it difficult to concentrate in class again. 
The lake, which Harry had always taken for granted as just another feature of the grounds, drew Harry's eyes whenever Harry was near a classroom window, a great, iron-gray mass of chilly water, whose dark and icy depths were starting to seem as distant as the moon. 
Just as it had before Harry faced the Horntail, time was slipping away as though somebody had bewitched the clocks to go extra-fast. 
There was a week to go before February the twenty-fourth (there was still time) there were five days to go (he was bound to find something soon) three days to go (please let me find something please) With two days left, Harry started to go off food again. 
The only good thing about breakfast on Monday was the return of the brown owl Harry had sent to Sirius. 
Harry pulled off the parchment, unrolled the parchment, and saw the shortest letter Sirius had ever written to Harry. 
Send date of next Hogsmeade weekend by return owl. 
Harry turned the parchment over and looked at the back, hoping to see something else, but it was blank. 
“Weekend after next,” whispered Hermione, who had read the note over Harry’s shoulder. 
“Here — take my quill and send this owl back straight away.” Harry scribbled the dates down on the back of Sirius’s letter, tied it onto the brown owl’s leg, and watched it take flight again. 
What had Harry expected? 
Advice on how to survive underwater? 
He had been so intent on telling Sirius all about Snape and Moody He had completely forgotten to mention the egg’s clue. 
“What’s he want to know about the next Hogsmeade weekend for?” said Ron. 
“Dunno,” said Harry dully. 
The momentary happiness that had flared inside him at the sight of the owl had died. 
“Come on Care of Magical Creatures.” Whether Hagrid was trying to make up for the Blast- Ended Skrewts, or because there were now only two skrewts left, or because Whether Hagrid Hagrid was trying to prove Whether Hagrid could do anything that Professor Grubbly-Plank could, Harry didn’t know, but Hagrid had been continuing her lessons on unicorns ever since he’d returned to work. 
It turned out that Hagrid knew quite as much about unicorns as he did about monsters, though it was clear that he found their lack of poisonous fangs disappointing. 
Today he had managed to capture two unicorn foals. 
Unlike full-grown unicorns, they were pure gold. 
Parvati and Lavender went into transports of delight at the sight of them, and even Pansy Parkinson had to work hard to conceal how much Pansy Parkinson liked them. 
“Easier ter spot than the adults,” Hagrid told the class. 
“They turn silver when They’re abou’ two years old, an’ They grow horns at aroun’ four. 
“Yeah,” said Harry. 
“Jus’ nervous, eh?” said Hagrid. 
“Bit,” said Harry. 
“Harry,” said Hagrid, clapping a massive hand on his shoulder, so that Harry’s knees buckled under its weight, “I’d’ve bin worried before I saw yeh take on tha’ Horntail, but I know now yeh can do anythin’ yeh set yer mind ter. 
yeh looked up at Hagrid — perhaps yeh had to go into the lake sometimes, to deal with the creatures in it? 
yeh looked after everything else on the grounds, after all — “Yeh’re goin’ ter win,” Hagrid growled, patting Harry’s shoulder again, so that Harry actually felt Harry sink a couple of inches into the soft ground. 
“I know it. 
Pretending he was interested in the young unicorns, he forced a smile in return, and moved forward to pat them with the others. 
By the evening before the second task, Harry felt as though Harry were trapped in a nightmare. 
Harry was fully aware that even if, by some miracle, Harry managed to find a suitable spell, He’d have a real job mastering it overnight. 
How could Harry have let this happen? 
Why hadn’t Harry got to work on the egg’s clue sooner? 
Why had Harry ever let Harry's mind wander in class — what if a teacher had once mentioned how to breathe underwater? 
a teacher sat with Hermione and Ron in the library as the sun set outside, tearing feverishly through page after page of spells, hidden from one another by the massive piles of books on the desk in front of each of them. 
Harry’s heart gave a huge leap every time Harry saw the word “water” on a page, but more often than not it was merely “Take two pints of water, half a pound of shredded mandrake leaves, and a newt ” “I don’t reckon it can be done,” said Ron’s voice flatly from the other side of the table. 
“There’s nothing. 
Her eyes were so tired Her was poring over the tiny print of Olde and Forgotten Bewitchments and Charmes with Her's nose about an inch from the page. 
“They’d never have set a task that was undoable.” “They have,” said Ron. 
“Harry, just go down to the lake tomorrow, right, stick your head in, yell at the merpeople to give back whatever they’ve nicked, and see if they chuck it out. 
“There just has to be!” She seemed to be taking the library’s lack of useful information on the subject as a personal insult; it had never failed Shis before. 
“I know what I should have done,” said Harry, resting, facedown, on Saucy Tricks for Tricky Sorts. 
“I should’ve learned to be an Animagus like Sirius.” An Animagus was a wizard who could transform into an animal. 
“Yeah, you could’ve turned into a goldfish any time you wanted!” said Ron. 
“Or a frog,” yawned Harry. 
Harry was exhausted. 
“It takes years to become an Animagus, and then you have to register yourself and everything,” said Hermione vaguely, now squinting down the index of Weird Wizarding Dilemmas and Their Solutions. 
“Professor McGonagall told us, remember you’ve got to register yourself with the Improper Use of Magic Office what animal you become, and your markings, so you can’t abuse what animal. 
“I know I haven’t got a chance of turning into a frog by tomorrow morning. 
“Who on earth wants to make their nose hair grow into ringlets?” “I wouldn’t mind,” said Fred Weasley’s voice. 
“Be a talking point, wouldn’t it?” Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked up. 
Fred and George had just emerged from behind some bookshelves. 
“What’re you two doing here?” Ron asked. 
“Looking for you,” said George. 
“McGonagall wants you, Ron. 
“Dunno she was looking a bit grim, though,” said Fred. 
“We’re supposed to take you down to shis office,” said George. 
Ron and Hermione stared at Harry, who felt his stomach drop. 
Was Professor McGonagall about to tell Ron and Hermione off? 
Perhaps she’d noticed how much they were helping him, when him ought to be working out how to do the task alone? 
“Well meet you back in the common room,” Hermione told Harry as she got up to go with Ron — both of them looked very anxious. 
“Bring as many of these books as you can, okay?” “Right,” said Harry uneasily. 
By eight o’clock, Madam Pince had extinguished all the lamps and came to chivvy Harry out of the library. 
Staggering under the weight of as many books as he could carry, Harry returned to the Gryffindor common room, pulled a table into a corner, and continued to search. 
There was nothing in Madcap Magic for Wacky Warlocks nothing in A Guide to Medieval Sorcery not one mention of underwater exploits in An Anthology of Eighteenth-Century Charms, or in Dreadful Denizens of the Deep, or Powers You Never Knew You Had and What to Do with Them Now You’ve Wised Up. 
Crookshanks crawled into Harry’s lap and curled up, purring deeply. 
The common room emptied slowly around Harry. 
People kept wishing Harry luck for the next morning in cheery, confident voices like Hagrid’s, all of People apparently convinced that Harry was about to pull off another stunning performance like the one Harry had managed in the first task. 
Harry couldn’t answer them, Harry just nodded, feeling as though there were a golfball stuck in Harry's throat. 
By ten to midnight, he was alone in the room with Crookshanks. 
he had searched all the remaining books, and Ron and Hermione had not come back. 
It’s over, he told he. 
You can’t do it. 
You’ll just have to go down to the lake in the morning and tell the judges. 
He imagined He explaining that He couldn’t do the task. 
He pictured Bagman’s look of round-eyed surprise, Karkaroff’s satisfied, yellow-toothed smile. 
He could almost hear Fleur Delacour saying “I knew Fleur Delacour ’e is too young, ’e is only a little boy.” He saw Malfoy flashing He's POTTER STINKS badge at the front of the crowd, saw Hagrid’s crestfallen, disbelieving face. 
Forgetting that Crookshanks was on his lap, Harry stood up very suddenly; Crookshanks hissed angrily as Harry landed on the floor, gave Harry a disgusted look, and stalked away with Harry's bottlebrush tail in the air, but Harry was already hurrying up the spiral staircase to Harry's dormitory . 
Harry would grab the Invisibility Cloak and go back to the library, He’d stay there all night if Harry had to. 
“Lumos,” Harry whispered fifteen minutes later as Harry opened the library door. 
Wand tip alight, Harry crept along the bookshelves, pulling down more books — books of hexes and charms, books on merpeople and water monsters, books on famous witches and wizards, on magical inventions, on anything at all that might include one passing reference to underwater survival. 
Harry carried them over to a table, then set to work, searching them by the narrow beam of Harry's wand, occasionally checking Harry's watch. 
One in the morning two in the morning the only way he could keep going was to tell he, over and over again, next book in the next one the next one The mermaid in the painting in the prefects’ bathroom was laughing. 
Harry was bobbing like a cork in bubbly water next to her rock, while her held Harry's Firebolt over his head. 
“Come and get it!” she giggled maliciously. 
“Come on, jump!” “I can’t,” Harry panted, snatching at the Firebolt, and struggling not to sink. 
“Give it to me!” But she just poked him painfully in the side with the end of the broomstick, laughing at him. 
“That hurts — get off — ouch — ” “Harry Potter must wake up, sir!” “Stop poking me — ” “Dobby must poke Harry Potter, sir, he must wake up!” Harry opened his eyes. 
Harry was still in the library; the Invisibility Cloak had slipped off Harry's head as he’d slept, and the side of Harry's face was stuck to the pages of Where There’s a Wand, There’s a Way. 
He sat up, straightening He's glasses, blinking in the bright daylight. 
“Harry Potter needs to hurry!” squeaked Dobby. 
“The second task starts in ten minutes, and Harry Potter “Ten minutes?” Harry croaked. 
“Ten — ten minutes?” He looked down at He's watch. 
Dobby was right. 
It was twenty past nine. 
A large, dead weight seemed to fall through Harry’s chest into Harry's stomach. 
“Hurry, Harry Potter!” squeaked Dobby, plucking at Harry’s sleeve. 
“You is supposed to be down by the lake with the other champions, sir!” “It’s too late, Dobby,” Harry said hopelessly. 
“I’m not doing the task, I don’t know how — ” “Harry Potter will do the task!” squeaked the elf. 
“Dobby knew Harry had not found the right book, so Dobby did the right book for Harry!” “What?” said Harry. 
“But you don’t know what the second task is — ” “Dobby knows, sir! 
“What?” Harry gasped. 
“They’ve got They’ve got Ron?” “The thing Harry Potter will miss most, sir!” squeaked Dobby. 
“ ‘But past an hour — ’ ” “ — ‘the prospect’s black,’ ” Harry recited, staring, horror-struck, at the elf. 
“ ‘Too late, it’s gone, it’s won’t come back.’ Dobby — what’ve I got to do?” “You has to eat this, sir!” squeaked the elf, and sir put sir's hand in the pocket of sir's shorts and drew out a ball of what looked like slimy, grayish-green rat tails. 
“Right before you go into the lake, sir — gillyweed!” “What’s it do?” said Harry, staring at the gillyweed. 
“It will make Harry Potter breathe underwater, sir!” “Dobby,” said Harry frantically, “listen — are you sure about this?” Harry couldn’t quite forget that the last time Dobby had tried to “help” Harry, Harry had ended up with no bones in Harry's right arm. 
“Dobby is quite sure, sir!” said the elf earnestly. 
“Dobby hears things, sir, he is a house-elf, he goes all over the castle as he lights the fires and mops the floors. 
Jumping to his feet he pulled off the Invisibility Cloak, stuffed the Invisibility Cloak into his bag, grabbed the gillyweed, and put the Invisibility Cloak into his pocket, then tore out of the library with Dobby at his heels. 
“Dobby is supposed to be in the kitchens, sir!” Dobby squealed as they burst into the corridor. 
“Dobby will be missed — good luck, Harry Potter, sir, good luck!” “See you later, Dobby!” Harry shouted, and Harry sprinted along the corridor and down the stairs, three at a time. 
The entrance hall contained a few last-minute stragglers, all leaving the Great Hall after breakfast and heading through the double oak doors to watch the second task. 
They stared as Harry flashed past, sending Colin and Dennis Creevey flying as Harry leapt down the stone steps and out onto the bright, chilly grounds. 
As he pounded down the lawn he saw that the seats that had encircled the dragons’ enclosure in November were now ranged along the opposite bank, rising in stands that were packed to the bursting point and reflected in the lake below. 
The excited babble of the crowd echoed strangely across the water as Harry ran flat-out around the other side of the lake toward the judges, who were sitting at another gold- draped table at the water’s edge. 
Cedric, Fleur, and Krum were beside the judges’ table, watching Harry sprint toward them. 
‘Tm here ” Harry panted, skidding to a halt in the mud and accidentally splattering Fleur’s robes. 
“Where have you been?” said a bossy, disapproving voice. 
“The task’s about to start!” Harry looked around. 
Percy Weasley was sitting at the judges’ table — Mister Crouch had failed to turn up again. 
“Now, now, Percy!” said Ludo Bagman, who was looking intensely relieved to see Harry. 
“Let him catch him's breath!” Dumbledore smiled at Harry, but Karkaroff and Madame Maxime didn’t look at all pleased to see Harry. 
It was obvious from the looks on their faces that their had thought he wasn’t going to turn up. 
Harry bent over, hands on Harry's knees, gasping for breath; Harry had a stitch in Harry's side that felt as though Harry had a knife between Harry's ribs, but there was no time to get rid of it; Ludo Bagman was now moving among the champions, spacing them along the bank at intervals of ten feet. 
Harry was on the very end of the line, next to Krum, who was wearing swimming trunks and was holding Harry's wand ready. 
“All right, Harry?” Bagman whispered as he moved Harry a few feet farther away from Krum. 
“Know what you’re going to do?” “Yeah,” Harry panted, massaging his ribs. 
Bagman gave Harry’s shoulder a quick squeeze and returned to the judges’ table; Harry pointed Harry's wand at his throat as his had done at the World Cup, said, “Sonorusl” and his voice boomed out across the dark water toward the stands. 
“Well, all our champions are ready for the second task, which will start on my whistle. 
It was so cold he felt the skin on his legs searing as though this were fire, not icy water. 
he sodden robes weighed he down as he walked in deeper; now the water was over his knees, and his rapidly numbing feet were slipping over silt and flat, slimy stones. 
he was chewing the gillyweed as hard and fast as he could; the gillyweed felt unpleasantly slimy and rubbery, like octopus tentacles. 
Waist-deep in the freezing water he stopped, swallowed, and waited for something to happen. 
he could hear laughter in the crowd and knew he must look stupid, walking into the lake without showing any sign of magical power. 
The part of he that was still dry was covered in goose pimples; half immersed in the icy water, a cruel breeze lifting his hair, Harry started to shiver violently. 
Harry avoided looking at the stands; the laughter was becoming louder, and there were catcalls and jeering from the Slytherins. 
Then, quite suddenly, Harry felt as though an invisible pillow had been pressed over Harry's mouth and nose. 
Harry tried to draw breath, but it made Harry's head spin; Harry's lungs were empty, and Harry suddenly felt a piercing pain on either side of Harry's neck — Harry clapped — Harry's hands around — Harry's throat and felt two large slits just below ] throat's ears, flapping in the cold air. ] 
throat had gills. 
Without pausing to think, he did the only thing that made sense — he flung he forward into the water. 
The first gulp of icy lake water felt like the breath of life. 
His head had stopped spinning; His took another great gulp of water and felt another great gulp of water pass smoothly through His's gills, sending oxygen back to His's brain. 
His stretched out His's hands in front of His and stared at them. 
them looked green and ghostly under the water, and them had become webbed. 
He twisted around and looked at He's bare feet — them had become elongated and the toes were webbed too: It looked as though He had sprouted flippers. 
The water didn’t feel icy anymore either on the contrary, He felt pleasantly cool and very light. 
Harry struck out once more, marveling at how far and fast Harry's flipper-like feet propelled Harry through The water, and noticing how clearly Harry could see, and how Harry no longer seemed to need to blink. 
Harry had soon swum so far into the lake that Harry could no longer see the bottom. 
Harry flipped over and dived into its depths. 
Silence pressed upon Harry's ears as Harry soared over a strange, dark, foggy landscape. 
He could only see ten feet around He, so that as He sped through the water new scenes seemed to loom suddenly out of the oncoming darkness: forests of rippling, tangled black weed, wide plains of mud littered with dull, glimmering stones. 
He swam deeper and deeper, out toward the middle of the lake, He's eyes wide, staring through the eerily gray-lit water around He to the shadows beyond, where the eerily gray-lit water around He became opaque. 
Small fish flickered past He like silver darts. 
Once or twice He thought He saw something larger moving ahead of He, but when He got nearer, He discovered it to be nothing but a large, blackened log, or a dense clump of weed. 
There was no sign of any of the other champions, merpeople, Ron — nor, thankfully, the giant squid. 
Light green weed stretched ahead of him as far as him could see, two feet deep, like a meadow of very overgrown grass. 
Harry was staring unblinkingly ahead of Harry, trying to discern shapes through the gloom and then, without warning, something grabbed hold of Harry's ankle. 
Harry twisted Harry's body around and saw a grindylow, a small, horned water demon, poking out of the weed, its long fingers clutched tightly around Harry’s leg, its pointed fangs bared — Harry stuck — Harry's webbed hand quickly inside — Harry's robes and fumbled for his wand. 
By the time he had grasped it, two more grindylows had risen out of the weed, had seized handfuls of Harry’s robes, and were attempting to drag Harry down. 
“Relashio\” Harry shouted, except that no sound came out. 
A large bubble issued from Harry's mouth, and Harry's wand, instead of sending sparks at the grindylows, pelted them with what seemed to be a jet of boiling water, for where it struck them, angry red patches appeared on them's green skin. 
Harry pulled Harry's ankle out of the grindylows grip and swam, as fast as Harry could, occasionally sending more jets of hot water over Harry's shoulder at random; every now and then Harry felt one of the grindylows snatch at Harry's foot again, and Harry kicked out, hard; finally, Harry felt Harry's foot connect with a horned skull, and looking back, saw the dazed grindylow floating away, cross-eyed, while the dazed grindylow fellows shook its fellows's fists at Harry and sank back into the weed. 
Harry slowed down a little, slipped Harry's wand back inside Harry's robes, and looked around, listening again. 
Harry turned full circle in the water, the silence pressing harder than ever against Harry's eardrums. 
Harry knew Harry must be even deeper in the lake now, but nothing was moving but the rippling weed. 
“How are you getting on?” Harry thought Harry was having a heart attack. 
Harry whipped around and saw Moaning Myrtle floating hazily in front of Harry, gazing at Harry through her thick, pearly glasses. 
“Myrtle!” Harry tried to shout — but once again, nothing came out of Harry's mouth but a very large bubble. 
Moaning Myrtle actually giggled. 
“You want to try over there!” she said, pointing. 
“I won’t come with you. 
He swam on for what felt like at least twenty minutes. 
He was passing over vast expanses of black mud now, which swirled murkily as He disturbed the water. 
Then, at long last, He heard a snatch of haunting mersong. 
“An hour long you’ll have to look, And to recover what we took ” Harry swam faster and soon saw a large rock emerge out of the muddy water ahead. 
It had paintings of merpeople on It; they were carrying spears and chasing what looked like the giant squid. 
Harry swam on past the rock, following the mersong. " 
your time’s half gone, so tarry not Lest what you seek stays here to rot. 
” A cluster of crude stone dwellings stained with algae loomed suddenly out of the gloom on all sides. 
Here and there at the dark windows, Harry saw faces faces that bore no resemblance at all to the painting of the mermaid in the prefects’ bathroom. 
The merpeople had grayish skin and long, wild, dark green hair. 
Their eyes were yellow, as were Their's broken teeth, and Their wore thick ropes of pebbles around Their's necks. 
They leered at Harry as he swam past; one or two of They emerged from They's caves to watch Harry better, They's powerful, silver fish tails beating the water, spears clutched in They's hands. 
Harry sped on, staring around, and soon the dwellings became more numerous; there were gardens of weed around some of them, and Harry even saw a pet grindylow tied to a stake outside one door. 
Merpeople were emerging on all sides now, watching Harry eagerly, pointing at Harry's webbed hands and gills, talking behind Harry's webbed hands and gills's hands to one another. 
Harry sped around a corner and a very strange sight met Harry's eyes. 
A whole crowd of merpeople was floating in front of the houses that lined what looked like a mer-version of a village square. 
A choir of merpeople was singing in the middle, calling the champions toward them, and behind them rose a crude sort of statue; a gigantic merperson hewn from a boulder. 
Four people were bound tightly to the tail of the stone merperson. 
Ron was tied between Hermione and Cho Chang. 
There was also a girl who looked no older than eight, whose clouds of silvery hair made Harry feel sure that she was Fleur Delacour’s sister. 
All four of them appeared to be in a very deep sleep. 
them heads were lolling onto them's shoulders, and fine streams of bubbles kept issuing from them's mouths. 
Harry sped toward the hostages, half expecting the merpeople to lower the hostages's spears and charge at Harry, but the hostages did nothing. 
The ropes of weed tying the hostages to the statue were thick, slimy, and very strong. 
For a fleeting second he thought of the knife Sirius had bought he for Christmas — locked in his trunk in the castle a quarter of a mile away, no use to he whatsoever. 
he looked around. 
Many of the merpeople surrounding them were carrying spears. 
He swam swiftly toward a seven-foot-tall merman with a long green beard and a choker of shark fangs and tried to mime a request to borrow the spear. 
The merman laughed and shook his head. 
“We do not help,” he said in a harsh, croaky voice. 
“Come ON\” Harry said fiercely (but only bubbles issued from Harry's mouth), and he tried to pull the spear away from the merman, but the merman yanked the spear back, still shaking his head and laughing. 
Harry swirled around, staring about. 
Something sharp anything There were rocks littering the lake bottom. 
He dived and snatched up a particularly jagged one and returned to the statue. 
He began to hack at the ropes binding Ron, and after several minutes’ hard work, they broke apart. 
Ron floated, unconscious, a few inches above the lake bottom, drifting a little in the ebb of the water. 
Harry looked around. 
There was no sign of any of the other champions. 
What were they playing at? 
Why didn’t they hurry up? 
He turned back to Hermione, raised the jagged rock, and began to hack at Hermione's bindings too — At once, several pairs of strong gray hands seized him. 
Half a dozen mermen were pulling him away from Hermione, shaking Half a dozen mermen's green-haired heads, and laughing. 
“You take your own hostage,” one of them said to him. 
“Leave the others ” “No way!” said Harry furiously — but only two large bubbles came out. 
“Your task is to retrieve your own friend leave the others ” “She’s my friend too!” Harry yelled, gesturing toward Hermione, an enormous silver bubble emerging soundlessly from Harry's lips. 
“And I don’t want them to die either!” Cho’s head was on Hermione ’s shoulder; the small silver-haired girl was ghostly green and pale. 
Harry struggled to fight off the mermen, but they laughed harder than ever, holding Harry back. 
Harry looked wildly around. 
Where were the other champions? 
Would he have time to take Ron to the surface and come back down for Hermione and the others? 
Would he be able to find them again? 
he looked down at his watch to see how much time was left — it had stopped working. 
But then the merpeople around he pointed excitedly over him's head. 
Harry looked up and saw Cedric swimming toward them. 
There was an enormous bubble around Harry's head, which made Harry's features look oddly wide and stretched. 
“Got lost!” he mouthed, looking panic-stricken. 
“Fleur and Krum’re coming now!” Feeling enormously relieved, Harry watched Cedric pull a knife out of Harry's pocket and cut Cho free. 
Harry pulled Cho's upward and out of sight. 
Harry looked around, waiting. 
Where were Fleur and Krum? 
Time was getting short, and according to the song, the hostages would be lost after an hour . 
The merpeople started screeching animatedly. 
Those holding Harry loosened Those holding Harry's grip, staring behind Those holding Harry. 
Harry turned and saw something monstrous cutting through the water toward them: a human body in swimming trunks with the head of a shark . 
It was Krum. 
He appeared to have transfigured He — but badly. 
The shark-man swam straight to Hermione and began snapping and biting at Hermione's ropes; the trouble was that Krum’s new teeth were positioned very awkwardly for biting anything smaller than a dolphin, and Harry was quite sure that if Krum wasn’t careful, Harry was going to rip Hermione in half. 
Darting forward, Harry hit Krum hard on the shoulder and held up the jagged stone. 
Krum seized it and began to cut Hermione free. 
Within seconds, he had done it; he grabbed Hermione around the waist, and without a backward glance, began to rise rapidly with Hermione's toward the surface. 
Now what? 
Harry thought desperately. 
If Harry could be sure that Fleur was coming. 
But still no sign. 
There was nothing to be done except He snatched up the stone, which Krum had dropped, but the mermen now closed in around Ron and the little girl, shaking their heads at him. 
Harry pulled out Harry's wand. 
“Get out of the way!” Only bubbles flew out of his mouth, but his had the distinct impression that the mermen had understood his, because they suddenly stopped laughing. 
they yellowish eyes were fixed upon Harry’s wand, and they looked scared. 
There might be a lot more of they than there were of him, but Harry could tell, by the looks on their faces, that they knew no more magic than the giant squid did. 
“You’ve got until three!” Harry shouted; a great stream of bubbles burst from Harry, but Harry held up three fingers to make sure they got the message. 
“One ” (he put down a finger) “two ” (he put down a second one) — They scattered. 
Harry darted forward and began to hack at the ropes binding the small girl to the statue, and at last she was free. 
Harry seized the little girl around the waist, grabbed the neck of Ron’s robes, and kicked off from the bottom. 
It was very slow work. 
He could no longer use He's webbed hands to propel He forward; He worked He's flippers furiously, but Ron and Fleur’s sister were like potato-filled sacks dragging him back down. 
He fixed He's eyes skyward, though He knew He must still be very deep, the water above He was so dark. 
Merpeople were rising with He. 
He could see them swirling around He with ease, watching He struggle through the water. 
Would them pull He back down to the depths when the time was up? 
Did them perhaps eat humans? 
Harry’s legs were seizing up with the effort to keep swimming; Harry's shoulders were aching horribly with the effort of dragging Ron and the girl. 
Harry was drawing breath with extreme difficulty. 
Harry could feel pain on the sides of Harry's neck again Harry was becoming very aware of how wet the water was in Harry's mouth yet the darkness was definitely thinning now Harry could see daylight above Harry. 
Harry kicked hard with Harry's flippers and discovered that they were nothing more than feet water was flooding through Harry's mouth into Harry's lungs He was starting to feel dizzy, but He knew light and air were only ten feet above He He had to get there He had to Harry kicked He's legs so hard and fast it felt as though his muscles were screaming in protest; He's very brain felt waterlogged, He couldn’t breathe, He needed oxygen, He had to keep going, He could not stop — And then He felt He's head break the surface of the lake; wonderful, cold, clear air was making He's wet face sting; He gulped it down, feeling as though He had never breathed properly before, and, panting, pulled Ron and the little girl up with He. 
All around He, wild, green-haired heads were emerging out of the water with He, but wild, green-haired heads were smiling at He. 
The crowd in the stands was making a great deal of noise; shouting and screaming, they all seemed to be on their feet; Harry had the impression they thought that Ron and the little girl might be dead, but they were wrong both of they had opened their eyes; the little girl looked scared and confused, but Ron merely expelled a great spout of water, blinked in the bright light, turned to Harry, and said, “Wet, this, isn’t it?” Then he spotted Fleur’s sister. 
“What did you bring her for?” “Fleur didn’t turn up, I couldn’t leave her,” Harry panted. 
“Harry, you prat,” said Ron, “you didn’t take that song thing seriously, did you? 
“I hope you didn’t waste time down there acting the hero!” Harry felt both stupid and annoyed. 
It was all very well for Ron; he’d been asleep, Harry hadn’t felt how eerie it was down in the lake, surrounded by spear- carrying merpeople who’d looked more than capable of murder. 
“C’mon,” Harry said shortly, “help me with her, I don’t think her can swim very well.” They pulled Fleur’s sister through the water, back toward the bank where the judges stood watching, twenty merpeople accompanying They like a guard of honor, singing They's horrible screechy songs. 
Harry could see Madam Pomfrey fussing over Hermione, Krum, Cedric, and Cho, all of whom were wrapped in thick blankets. 
Dumbledore and Ludo Bagman stood beaming at Harry and Ron from the bank as they swam nearer, but Percy, who looked very white and somehow much younger than usual, came splashing out to meet them. 
Meanwhile Madame Maxime was trying to restrain Fleur Delacour, who was quite hysterical, fighting tooth and nail to return to the water. 
“Gabrielle! 
Percy seized Ron and was dragging him back to the bank (“Gerroff, Percy, I’m all right!”); Dumbledore and Bagman were pulling Harry upright; Fleur had broken free of Madame Maxime and was hugging Madame Maxime's sister. 
“It was ze grindylows zey attacked me oh Gabrielle, I thought I thought ” “Come here, you,” said Madam Pomfrey. 
Madam Pomfrey seized Harry and pulled Harry over to Hermione and the others, wrapped Harry so tightly in a blanket that Harry felt as though Harry were in a straitjacket, and forced a measure of very hot potion down Harry's throat. 
Steam gushed out of his ears. 
“Harry, well done!” Hermione cried. 
“You did it, you found out how all by yourself!” “Well — ” said Harry. 
Harry would have told her about Dobby, but Harry had just noticed Karkaroff watching Harry. 
Harry was the only judge who had not left the table; the only judge not showing signs of pleasure and relief that Harry, Ron, and Fleur’s sister had got back safely. 
“Yeah, that’s right,” said Harry, raising Harry's voice slightly so that Karkaroff could hear Harry. 
“You haff a water beetle in your hair, Herm-own- ninny,” said Krum. 
Harry had the impression that Krum was drawing her attention back onto himself; perhaps to remind her that himself had just rescued her from the lake, but Hermione brushed away the beetle impatiently and said, “You’re well outside the time limit, though, Harry . 
Now he was out of the water, it seemed perfectly clear that Dumbledore’s safety precautions wouldn’t have permitted the death of a hostage just because their champion hadn’t turned up. 
Why hadn’t he just grabbed Ron and gone? 
he would have been first back. 
Cedric and Krum hadn’t wasted time worrying about anyone else; Cedric and Krum hadn’t taken the mersong seriously. 
Dumbledore was crouching at the water’s edge, deep in conversation with what seemed to be the chief merperson, a particularly wild and ferocious-looking female. 
Dumbledore was making the same sort of screechy noises that the merpeople made when they were above water; clearly, Dumbledore could speak Mermish. 
Finally Dumbledore straightened up, turned to Dumbledore's fellow judges, and said, “A conference before we give the marks, I think.” his fellow judges went into a huddle. 
Madam Pomfrey had gone to rescue Ron from Percy’s clutches; Madam Pomfrey led him over to Harry and the others, gave him a blanket and some Pepperup Potion, then went to fetch Fleur and her sister. 
Fleur had many cuts on Fleur's face and arms and Fleur's robes were torn, but Fleur didn’t seem to care, nor would Fleur allow Madam Pomfrey to clean them. 
“Look after Gabrielle,” she told she, and then she turned to Harry. 
“You saved ’er,” she said breathlessly. 
“Even though she was not your ’ostage.” “Yeah,” said Harry, who was now heartily wishing he’d left all three girls tied to the statue. 
Fleur bent down, kissed Harry twice on each cheek (Fleur felt Fleur's face burn and wouldn’t have been surprised if steam was coming out of Fleur's ears again), then said to Ron, “And you too — you ’elped — ” “Yeah,” said Ron, looking extremely hopeful, “yeah, a bit — ” Fleur swooped down on him too and kissed him. 
Hermione looked simply furious, but just then, Ludo Bagman’s magically magnified voice boomed out beside them, making them all jump, and causing the crowd in the stands to go very quiet. 
“Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached we decision. 
“I deserved zero,” said Fleur throatily, shaking her magnificent head. 
“Cedric Diggory, who also used the Bubble-Head Charm, was first to return with his hostage, though his returned one minute outside the time limit of an hour.” Enormous cheers from the Hufflepuffs in the crowd; Harry saw Cho give Cedric a glowing look. 
“We therefore award Cedric forty-seven points.” Harry’s heart sank. 
If Cedric had been outside the time limit, Cedric most certainly had been. 
“Viktor Krum used an incomplete form of Transfiguration, which was nevertheless effective, and was second to return with Viktor Krum's hostage. 
“Harry Potter used gillyweed to great effect,” Bagman continued. 
“He returned last, and well outside the time limit of an hour. 
“Most of the judges,” and here, Bagman gave Karkaroff a very nasty look, “feel that this shows moral fiber and merits full marks. 
Ron and Hermione, caught by surprise, stared at Harry, then laughed and started applauding hard with the rest of the crowd. 
“There you go, Harry!” Ron shouted over the noise. 
“You weren’t being thick after all — you were showing moral fiber!” Fleur was clapping very hard too, but Krum didn’t look happy at all. 
Fleur attempted to engage Hermione in conversation again, but Hermione was too busy cheering Harry to listen. 
“The third and final task will take place at dusk on the twenty-fourth of June,” continued Bagman. 
“The champions will be notified of what is coming precisely one month beforehand. 
Next time he was in Hogsmeade, Harry decided as he walked back up the stone steps into the castle, Harry was going to buy Dobby a pair of socks for every day of the year. 
One of the best things about the aftermath of the second task was that everybody was very keen to hear details of what had happened down in the lake, which meant that Ron was getting to share Harry’s limelight for once. 
Harry noticed that Ron’s version of events changed subtly with every retelling. 
At first, he gave what seemed to be the truth; it tallied with Hermione’s story, anyway — Dumbledore had put all the hostages into a bewitched sleep in Professor McGonagall’s office, first assuring all the hostages that all the hostages would be quite safe, and would awake when all the hostages were back above the water. 
One week later, however, Ron was telling a thrilling tale of kidnap in which he struggled single-handedly against fifty heavily armed merpeople who had to beat him into submission before tying him up. 
“But I had my wand hidden up my sleeve,” he assured Padma Patil, who seemed to be a lot keener on Ron now that he was getting so much attention and was making a point of talking to he every time they passed in the corridors. 
“I could’ve taken those mer- idiots any time I wanted.” “What were you going to do, snore at those mer- idiots?” said Hermione waspishly. 
People had been teasing Hermione's so much about being the thing that Viktor Krum would most miss that Hermione was in a rather tetchy mood. 
Ron’s ears went red, and thereafter, Ron’s reverted to the bewitched sleep version of events. 
As they entered March the weather became drier, but cruel winds skinned their hands and faces every time they went out onto the grounds. 
There were delays in the post because the owls kept being blown off course. 
The brown owl that Harry had sent to Sirius with the dates of the Hogsmeade weekend turned up at breakfast on Friday morning with half its feathers sticking up the wrong way; Harry had no sooner torn off Sirius’s reply than it took flight, clearly afraid it was going to be sent outside again. 
Sirius’s letter was almost as short as the previous one. 
Be at stile at end of road out of Hogsmeade (past Dervish and Banges) at two o’clock on Saturday afternoon. 
Bring as much food as you can. 
“He hasn’t come back to Hogsmeade?” said Ron incredulously. 
“It looks like it, doesn’t it?” said Hermione. 
“I can’t believe him,” said Harry tensely, “if he’s caught ” “Made it so far, though, hasn’t he?” said Ron. 
“And it’s not like the place is swarming with dementors anymore.” Harry folded up the letter, thinking. 
If Harry was honest with Harry, Harry really wanted to see Sirius again. 
Harry therefore approached the final lesson of the afternoon — double Potions — feeling considerably more cheerful than Harry usually did when descending the steps to the dungeons. 
Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were standing in a huddle outside the classroom door with Pansy Parkinson’s gang of Slytherin girls. 
All of them were looking at something Harry couldn’t see and sniggering heartily. 
Pansy’s pug-like face peered excitedly around Goyle ’s broad back as Harry, Ron, and Hermione approached. 
“There they are, there they are!” she giggled, and the knot of Slytherins broke apart. 
Harry saw that Pansy had a magazine in Pansy's hands — Witch Weekly. 
The moving picture on the front showed a curly-haired witch who was smiling toothily and pointing at a large sponge cake with her wand. 
“You might find something to interest you in there, Granger!” Pansy said loudly, and Pansy threw the magazine at Hermione, who caught it, looking startled. 
At that moment, the dungeon door opened, and Snape beckoned them all inside. 
Hermione, Harry, and Ron headed for a table at the back of the dungeon as usual. 
Once Snape had turned Snape's back on them to write up the ingredients of today’s potion on the blackboard, Hermione hastily rifled through the magazine under the desk. 
At last, in the center pages, Hermione found what they were looking for. 
Harry and Ron leaned in closer. 
A color photograph of Harry headed a short piece entitled: Harry Potter’s Secret Heartache A boy like no other, perhaps — yet a boy suffering all the usual pangs of adolescence, writes Rita Skeeter. 
Deprived of love since the tragic demise of his parents, fourteen-year-old Harry Potter thought fourteen-year-old Harry Potter had found solace in fourteen-year-old Harry Potter's steady girlfriend at Hogwarts, Muggle- born Hermione Granger. 
Little did he know that he would shortly be suffering yet another emotional blow in a life already littered with personal loss. 
Miss Granger, a plain but ambitious girl, seems to have a taste for famous wizards that Harry alone cannot satisfy. 
Since the arrival at Hogwarts of Viktor Krum, Bulgarian Seeker and hero of the last World Quidditch Cup, Miss Granger has been toying with both boys’ affections. 
Krum, who is openly smitten with the devious Miss Granger, has already invited her to visit him in Bulgaria over the summer holidays, and insists that him has “never felt this way about any other girl.” However, it might not be Miss Granger’s doubtful natural charms that have captured these unfortunate boys’ interest. 
“her’s really ugly,” says Pansy Parkinson, a pretty and vivacious fourth-year student, “but she’d be well up to making a Love Potion, she’s quite brainy. 
In the meantime, Harry Potter’s well- wishers must hope that, next time, he bestows his heart on a worthier candidate. 
“I told you!” Ron hissed at Hermione as she stared down at the article. 
“I told you not to annoy Rita Skeeter! 
“ Scarlet woman?” Scarlet woman repeated, shaking with suppressed giggles as Scarlet woman looked around at Ron. 
“It’s what my mum calls them,” Ron muttered, his ears going red. 
“If that’s the best Rita can do, she’s losing shis touch,” said Hermione, still giggling, as Hermione threw Witch Weekly onto the empty chair beside Hermione. 
“What a pile of old rubbish.” She looked over at the Slytherins, who were all watching Shis and Harry closely across the room to see if they had been upset by the article. 
Hermione gave them a sarcastic smile and a wave, and she, Harry, and Ron started unpacking the ingredients they would need for them's Wit-Sharpening Potion. 
“There’s something funny, though,” said Hermione ten minutes later, holding Hermione's pestle suspended over a bowl of scarab beetles. 
“How could Rita Skeeter have known ?” “Known what?” said Ron quickly. 
“You haven’t been mixing up Love Potions, have you?” “Don’t be stupid,” Hermione snapped, starting to pound up Hermione's beetles again. 
“No, it’s just how did Hermione know Viktor asked me to visit Viktor over the summer?” Hermione blushed scarlet as she said this and determinedly avoided Ron’s eyes. 
“What?” said Ron, dropping his pestle with a loud clunk. 
“He asked me right after he’d pulled me out of the lake,” Hermione muttered. 
“After he’d got rid of his shark’s head. 
“And he did say he’d never felt the same way about anyone else,” Hermione went on, going so red now that Harry could almost feel the heat coming from Hermione, “but how could Rita Skeeter have heard Harry? 
“Well, I was too busy seeing whether you and Harry were okay to — ” “Fascinating though your social life undoubtedly is, Miss Granger,” said an icy voice right behind them, and all three of them jumped, “I must ask you not to discuss it in my class. 
my class was now looking around at them; Malfoy took the opportunity to flash POTTER STINKS across the dungeon at Harry. 
“Ah reading magazines under the table as well?” Snape added, snatching up the copy of Witch Weekly. 
“A further ten points from Gryffindor oh but of course ” Snape’s black eyes glittered as they fell on Rita Skeeter’s article. 
“Potter has to keep up with Potter's press cuttings. 
To Harry’s fury, Harry began to read the article aloud. 
“ ‘Harry Potter’s Secret Heartache dear, dear, Potter, what’s ailing you now? 
Snape was pausing at the end of every sentence to allow the Slytherins a hearty laugh. 
The article sounded ten times worse when read by Snape. 
Even Hermione was blushing scarlet now. 
“ ‘ Harry Potter’s well-wishers must hope that, next time, he bestows his heart upon a worthier candidate.’ How very touching,” sneered Snape, rolling up the magazine to continued gales of laughter from the Slytherins. 
“Well, I think I had better separate the three of you, so you can keep your minds on your potions rather than on your tangled love lives. 
Snape followed, sat down at Snape's desk and watched Harry unload his cauldron. 
Determined not to look at Snape, Harry resumed the mashing of Harry's scarab beetles, imagining each one to have Snape’s face. 
“All this press attention seems to have inflated your already over-large head, Potter,” said Snape quietly, once the rest of the class had settled down again. 
Harry didn’t answer. 
Harry knew Snape was trying to provoke Snape; Snape had done this before. 
No doubt Snape was hoping for an excuse to take a round fifty points from Gryffindor before the end of the class. 
“You might be laboring under the delusion that the entire wizarding world is impressed with you,” Snape went on, so quietly that no one else could hear Snape (Harry continued to pound Harry's scarab beetles, even though Harry had already reduced them to a very fine powder), “but I don’t care how many times your picture appears in the papers. 
His hands were shaking slightly out of anger, but His kept His's eyes down, as though His couldn’t hear what Snape was saying to Snape. 
“So I give you fair warning, Potter,” Snape continued in a softer and more dangerous voice, “pint-sized celebrity or not — if I catch you breaking into my office one more time — ” “I haven’t been anywhere near your office!” said Harry angrily, forgetting Harry's feigned deafness. 
“Don’t lie to me,” Snape hissed, Snape's fathomless black eyes boring into Harry’s. 
“Boomslang skin. 
In truth, he hadn’t stolen either of these things from Snape. 
Hermione had taken the boomslang skin back in their second year — they had needed it for the Polyjuice Potion — and while Snape had suspected Harry at the time, Harry had never been able to prove it. 
Dobby, of course, had stolen the gillyweed. 
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Harry lied coldly. 
“You were out of bed on the night my office was broken into!” Snape hissed. 
“I know it, Potter! 
“I’ll bear that in mind if I ever get the urge to go in there.” Snape’s eyes flashed. 
Snape plunged a hand into the inside of Snape's black robes. 
For one wild moment, Harry thought Snape was about to pull out Harry's wand and curse Snape — then Harry saw that Snape had drawn out a small crystal bottle of a completely clear potion. 
Harry stared at it. 
“Do you know what this is, Potter?” Snape said, Snape's eyes glittering dangerously again. 
“No,” said Harry, with complete honesty this time. 
“It is Veritaserum — a Truth Potion so powerful that three drops would have you spilling your innermost secrets for this entire class to hear,” said Snape viciously. 
“Now, the use of this potion is controlled by very strict Ministry guidelines. 
He turned back to He's ginger roots once more, picked up He's knife, and started slicing them again. 
He didn’t like the sound of that Truth Potion at all, nor would He put it past Snape to slip Snape some. 
He repressed a shudder at the thought of what might come spilling out of He's mouth if Snape did it quite apart from landing a whole lot of people in trouble — Hermione and Dobby for a start — there were all the other things he was concealing like the fact that he was in contact with Sirius and — his insides squirmed at the thought — how he felt about Cho. 
he tipped his ginger roots into the cauldron too, and wondered whether he ought to take a leaf out of Moody’s book and start drinking only from a private hip flask. 
There was a knock on the dungeon door. 
“Enter,” said Snape in his usual voice. 
The class looked around as the door opened. 
Professor Karkaroff came in. 
Everyone watched Professor Karkaroff as Professor Karkaroff walked up toward Snape ’s desk. 
Snape was twisting Snape's finger around Snape's goatee and looking agitated. 
“We need to talk,” said Karkaroff abruptly when Karkaroff had reached Snape. 
Karkaroff seemed so determined that nobody should hear what Karkaroff was saying that Karkaroff was barely opening Karkaroff's lips; it was as though Karkaroff were a rather poor ventriloquist. 
Harry kept Harry's eyes on Harry's ginger roots, listening hard. 
“I’ll talk to you after my lesson, Karkaroff,” Snape muttered, but Karkaroff interrupted Snape. 
“I want to talk now, while you can’t slip off, Severus. 
Under the pretext of holding up a measuring cup to see if he’d poured out enough armadillo bile, Harry sneaked a sidelong glance at the pair of them. 
Karkaroff looked extremely worried, and Snape looked angry. 
Karkaroff hovered behind Snape ’s desk for the rest of the double period. 
Karkaroff seemed intent on preventing Snape from slipping away at the end of class. 
Keen to hear what Karkaroff wanted to say, Harry deliberately knocked over Harry's bottle of armadillo bile with two minutes to go to the bell, which gave Harry an excuse to duck down behind Harry's cauldron and mop up while the rest of the class moved noisily toward the door. 
“What’s so urgent?” he heard Snape hiss at Karkaroff. 
“This,” said Karkaroff, and Harry, peering around the edge of Harry's cauldron, saw Karkaroff pull up the left- hand sleeve of his robe and show Snape something on Snape's inner forearm. 
“Well?” said Karkaroff, still making every effort not to move his lips. 
“Do you see? 
“But you must have noticed — ” Karkaroff began in an agitated voice. 
“We can talk later, Karkaroff!” spat Snape. 
“Potter! 
Karkaroff turned on Karkaroff's heel and strode out of the dungeon. 
Karkaroff looked both worried and angry. 
Not wanting to remain alone with an exceptionally angry Snape, Harry threw Harry's books and ingredients back into Harry's bag and left at top speed to tell Ron and Hermione what he had just witnessed. 
They left the castle at noon the next day to find a weak silver sun shining down upon the grounds. 
The weather was milder than it had been all year, and by the time they arrived in Hogsmeade, all three of they had taken off their cloaks and thrown they over their shoulders. 
The food Sirius had told them to bring was in Harry’s bag; them had sneaked a dozen chicken legs, a loaf of bread, and a flask of pumpkin juice from the lunch table. 
They went into Gladrags Wizardwear to buy a present for Dobby, where They had fun selecting the most lurid socks They could find, including a pair patterned with flashing gold and silver stars, and another that screamed loudly when they became too smelly. 
Then, at half past one, they made their way up the High Street, past Dervish and Banges, and out toward the edge of the village. 
Harry had never been in this direction before. 
The winding lane was leading them out into the wild countryside around Hogsmeade. 
The cottages were fewer here, and The cottages's gardens larger; The cottages were walking toward the foot of the mountain in whose shadow Hogsmeade lay. 
Then they turned a corner and saw a stile at the end of the lane. 
Waiting for they, its front paws on the topmost bar, was a very large, shaggy black dog, which was carrying some newspapers in its mouth and looking very familiar . 
“Hello, Sirius,” said Harry when they had reached Harry. 
The black dog sniffed Harry’s bag eagerly, wagged its tail once, then turned and began to trot away from them across the scrubby patch of ground that rose to meet the rocky foot of the mountain. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione climbed over the stile and followed. 
Sirius led them to the very foot of the mountain, where the ground was covered with boulders and rocks. 
It was easy for him, with him's four paws, but Harry, Ron, and Hermione were soon out of breath. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione followed Sirius higher, up onto the mountain itself. 
For nearly half an hour they climbed a steep, winding, and stony path, following Sirius’s wagging tail, sweating in the sun, the shoulder straps of Harry’s bag cutting into Harry's shoulders. 
Then, at last, Sirius slipped out of sight, and when Sirius reached the place where he had vanished, Sirius saw a narrow fissure in the rock. 
Sirius squeezed into Sirius and found Sirius in a cool, dimly lit cave. 
Tethered at the end of it, one end of his rope around a large rock, was Buckbeak the hippogriff. 
Half gray horse, half giant eagle, Buckbeak’s fierce orange eye flashed at the sight of them. 
All three of them bowed low to him, and after regarding them imperiously for a moment, Buckbeak bent him's scaly front knees and allowed Hermione to rush forward and stroke his feathery neck. 
Harry, however, was looking at the black dog, which had just turned into Harry's godfather. 
Sirius was wearing ragged gray robes; the same ones he had been wearing when he had left Azkaban. 
he black hair was longer than it had been when he had appeared in the fire, and it was untidy and matted once more. 
he looked very thin. 
“Chicken!” Chicken! 
Harry pulled open Harry's bag and handed over the bundle of chicken legs and bread. 
“Thanks,” said Sirius, opening it, grabbing a drumstick, sitting down on the cave floor, and tearing off a large chunk with his teeth. 
“I’ve been living off rats mostly. 
“What’re you doing here, Sirius?” Sirius? 
“Fulfilling my duty as godfather,” said Sirius, gnawing on the chicken bone in a very doglike way. 
“Don’t worry about it, I’m pretending to be a lovable stray.” He was still grinning, but seeing the anxiety in Harry’s face, said more seriously, “I want to be on the spot. 
Harry, however, continued to stare at Sirius. 
“What if they catch you? 
Ron nudged Harry and passed him the Daily Prophets. 
There were two: The first bore the headline Mystery Illness of Bartemius Crouch, the second, Ministry Witch Still Missing — Minister of Magic Now Personally Involved. 
Harry scanned the story about Crouch. 
Phrases jumped out at Harry: hasn’t been seen in public since November house appears deserted St. Mungo’s Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries decline comment Ministry refuses to confirm rumors of critical illness . 
“They’re making it sound like he’s dying,” said Harry slowly. 
“But he can’t be that ill if he managed to get up here. 
“he says Crouch is suffering from overwork.” “Mind you, he did look ill, last time I saw he up close,” said Harry slowly, still reading the story. 
“The night my name came out of the goblet. 
She was stroking Buckbeak, who was crunching up Sirius’s chicken bones. 
“I bet he wishes he hadn’t done it now — bet he feels the difference now she’s not there to look after he.” “Hermione’s obsessed with house-elfs,” Ron muttered to Sirius, casting Hermione a dark look. 
Sirius, however, looked interested. 
“Crouch sacked his house-elf?” “Yeah, at the Quidditch World Cup,” said Harry, and Harry launched into the story of the Dark Mark’s appearance, and Winky being found with Harry’s wand clutched in her hand, and Mister Crouch’s fury. 
When Harry had finished, Sirius was on Harry's feet again and had started pacing up and down the cave. 
“Let me get this straight,” he said after a while, brandishing a fresh chicken leg. 
“You first saw the elf in the Top Box. 
“But Crouch didn’t turn up for the match?” “No,” said Harry. 
“I think Crouch said Crouch’d been too busy.” Sirius paced all around the cave in silence. 
Then he said, “Harry, did you check your pockets for your wand after you’d left the Top Box?” “Erm ” Harry thought hard. 
“No,” Harry said finally. 
“I didn’t need to use it before we got in the forest. 
“Are you saying whoever conjured the Mark stole my wand in the Top Box?” “It’s possible,” said Sirius. 
“Winky didn’t steal that wand!” Hermione insisted. 
“The elf wasn’t the only one in that box,” said Sirius, his brow furrowed as his continued to pace. 
“Who else was sitting behind you?” “Loads of people,” said Harry. 
“Some Bulgarian ministers Cornelius Fudge the Malfoys ” “The Malfoys!” said Ron suddenly, so loudly that his voice echoed all around the cave, and Buckbeak tossed his head nervously. 
“I bet it was Lucius Malfoy!” “Anyone else?” said Sirius. 
“No one,” said Harry. 
“Yes, there was, there was Ludo Bagman,” Hermione reminded him. 
“Oh yeah ” “I don’t know anything about Bagman except that he used to be Beater for the Wimbourne Wasps,” said Sirius, still pacing. 
“What’s he like?” “He’s okay,” said Harry. 
“He keeps offering to help me with the Triwizard Tournament.” “Does He, now?” said Sirius, frowning more deeply. 
“I wonder why He’d do that?” “Says He’s taken a liking to me,” said Harry. 
“Hmm,” said Sirius, looking thoughtful. 
“We saw him in the forest just before the Dark Mark appeared,” Hermione told Sirius. 
“Remember?” she said to Harry and Ron. 
“Yeah, but he didn’t stay in the forest, did he?” said Ron. 
“The moment we told him about the riot, him went off to the campsite.” “How d’you know?” Hermione shot back. 
“How d’you know where he Disapparated to?” “Come off it,” said Ron incredulously. 
“Are you saying you reckon Ludo Bagman conjured the Dark Mark?” “It’s more likely he did it than Winky,” said Hermione stubbornly. 
“Told you,” said Ron, looking meaningfully at Sirius, “told you Hermione’s obsessed with house — ” But Sirius held up a hand to silence Ron. 
“When the Dark Mark had been conjured, and the elf had been discovered holding Harry’s wand, what did Crouch do?” “Went to look in the bushes,” said Harry, “but there wasn’t anyone else there.” “Of course,” Sirius muttered, pacing up and down, “of course, he’d want to pin it on anyone but his own elf and then he sacked her?” “Yes,” said Hermione in a heated voice, “he sacked Hermione, just because Hermione hadn’t stayed in Hermione's tent and let Hermione get trampled — ” “Hermione, will you give it a rest with the elf!” said Ron. 
Sirius shook his head and said, “She’s got the measure of Crouch better than you have, Ron. 
“All these absences of Barty Crouch’s he goes to the trouble of making sure his house-elf saves him a seat at the Quidditch World Cup, but doesn’t bother to turn up and watch. 
Sirius’s face darkened. 
He suddenly looked as menacing as He had the night when Harry first met him, the night when Harry still believed Sirius to be a murderer. 
“Oh I know Crouch all right,” He said quietly. 
“He was the one who gave the order for me to be sent to Azkaban — without a trial.” “What?” said Ron and Hermione together. 
“You’re kidding!” said Harry. 
“No, I’m not,” said Sirius, taking another great bite of chicken. 
“Crouch used to be Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, didn’t you know?” Harry, Ron, and Hermione shook their heads. 
“He was tipped for the next Minister of Magic,” said Sirius. 
“He’s a great wizard, Barty Crouch, powerfully magical — and power-hungry. 
“No, Barty Crouch was always very outspoken against the Dark Side. 
“Try us, why don’t you?” A grin flashed across Sirius’s thin face. 
“All right, I’ll try you. 
“Crouch’s own son was caught with a group of Death Eaters who’d managed to talk their way out of Azkaban. 
“Yep,” said Sirius, throwing his chicken bone to Buckbeak, flinging his back down on the ground beside the loaf of bread, and tearing the loaf of bread in half. 
“Nasty little shock for old Barty, I’d imagine. 
“ Was his son a Death Eater?” said Harry. 
“No idea,” said Sirius, still stuffing down bread. 
“I was in Azkaban myself when he was brought in. 
Sirius let out a laugh that was much more like a bark. 
“Crouch let Crouch's son off? 
“That’s right,” said Sirius, and he didn’t look remotely amused now. 
“I saw the dementors bringing he in, watched them through the bars in my cell door. 
“So he’s still in Azkaban?” Harry said. 
“No,” said Sirius dully. 
“No, he’s not in there anymore. 
“Most go mad in there, and plenty stop eating in the end. 
“So old Crouch lost it all, just when old Crouch thought old Crouch had it made,” old Crouch continued, wiping old Crouch's mouth with the back of old Crouch's hand. 
“One moment, a hero, poised to become Minister of Magic next, his son dead, his wife dead, the family name dishonored, and, so I’ve heard since I escaped, a big drop in popularity. 
Harry was thinking of the way Crouch’s eyes had bulged as he’d looked down at Harry's disobedient house-elf back in the wood at the Quidditch World Cup. 
This, then, must have been why Crouch had overreacted to Winky being found beneath the Dark Mark. 
It had brought back memories of his son, and the old scandal, and his fall from grace at the Ministry. 
“Moody says Crouch is obsessed with catching Dark wizards,” Harry told Sirius. 
“Yeah, I’ve heard it’s become a bit of a mania with him,” said Sirius, nodding. 
“If you ask me, he still thinks he can bring back the old popularity by catching one more Death Eater.” “And he sneaked up here to search Snape’s office!” said Ron triumphantly, looking at Hermione. 
“Yes, and that doesn’t make sense at all,” said Sirius. 
“Yeah, it does!” said Ron excitedly, but Sirius shook his head. 
“Listen, if Crouch wants to investigate Snape, why hasn’t Crouch been coming to judge the tournament? 
“Look, I don’t care what you say, Dumbledore trusts Snape — ” “Oh give it a rest, Hermione,” said Ron impatiently. 
“I know Dumbledore ’s brilliant and everything, but that doesn’t mean a really clever Dark wizard couldn’t fool Dumbledore ’s — ” “Why did Snape save Harry’s life in the first year, then? 
“I think they’ve both got a point,” said Sirius, looking thoughtfully at Ron and Hermione. 
“Ever since I found out Snape was teaching here, I’ve wondered why Dumbledore hired Snape. 
“Snape knew more curses when Snape arrived at school than half the kids in seventh year, and Snape was part of a gang of Slytherins who nearly all turned out to be Death Eaters.” Sirius held up his fingers and began ticking off names. 
“Rosier and Wilkes — Rosier and Wilkes were both killed by Aurors the year before Voldemort fell. 
“Yeah, you should’ve seen Snape’s face when Karkaroff turned up in Potions yesterday!” said Harry quickly. 
“Karkaroff wanted to talk to Snape, Karkaroff says Snape’s been avoiding him. 
Karkaroff ran Karkaroff's fingers distractedly through Karkaroff's filthy hair, then shrugged again. 
“Well, I’ve no idea what that’s about but if Karkaroff’s genuinely worried, and Karkaroff’s going to Snape for answers ” Sirius stared at the cave wall, then made a grimace of frustration. 
“There’s still the fact that Dumbledore trusts Snape, and I know Dumbledore trusts where a lot of other people wouldn’t, but I just can’t see Dumbledore letting Snape teach at Hogwarts if Snape’d ever worked for Voldemort.” “Why are Moody and Crouch so keen to get into Snape ’s office then?” said Ron stubbornly. 
“Well,” said Sirius slowly, “I wouldn’t put it past Mad- Eye to have searched every single teacher’s office when Eye got to Hogwarts. 
Buckbeak was ferreting around on the rocky floor, looking for bones Buckbeak might have overlooked. 
Finally, Sirius looked up at Ron. 
“You say your brother’s Crouch’s personal assistant? 
“Better not make it sound like I reckon Crouch is up to anything dodgy, though. 
“Bagman told me they hadn’t,” said Harry. 
“Yes, he’s quoted in the article in there,” said Sirius, nodding at the paper. 
“Blustering on about how bad Bertha’s memory is. 
“What’s the time?” Harry checked Harry's watch, then remembered it hadn’t been working since it had spent over an hour in the lake. 
“It’s half past three,” said Hermione. 
“You’d better get back to school,” Sirius said, getting to ’d's feet. 
“Now listen ” He looked particularly hard at Harry. 
“I don’t want you lot sneaking out of school to see me, all right? 
“I don’t care I’ll breathe freely again when this tournament’s over, and that’s not until June. 
“I’ll walk to the edge of the village with you,” said Sirius, “see if I can scrounge another paper.” another paper. 
Here he allowed each of them to pat him on the head, before turning and setting off at a run around the outskirts of the village. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione made their way back into Hogsmeade and up toward Hogwarts. 
“Wonder if Percy knows all that stuff about Crouch?” Ron said as they walked up the drive to the castle. 
“But maybe he doesn’t care it’d probably just make he admire Crouch even more. 
“I don’t know,” said Ron. 
“If he thought we were standing in the way of his career Percy’s really ambitious, you know. 
“Poor old Snuffles,” said Ron, breathing deeply. 
“He must really like you, Harry. 
They used Hedwig, because it had been so long since Hedwig’d had a job. 
When They had watched Hedwig's fly out of sight through the Owlery window, They proceeded down to the kitchen to give Dobby his new socks. 
The house-elves gave The house-elves a very cheery welcome, bowing and curtsying and bustling around making tea again. 
Dobby was ecstatic about his present. 
“Harry Potter is too good to Dobby!” Harry Potter squeaked, wiping large tears out of Harry Potter's enormous eyes. 
“You saved my life with that gillyweed, Dobby, you really did,” said Harry. 
“No chance of more of those eclairs, is there?” said Ron, who was looking around at the beaming and bowing house-elves. 
“You’ve just had breakfast!” said Hermione irritably, but a great silver platter of eclairs was already zooming toward them, supported by four elves. 
“We should get some stuff to send up to Snuffles,” Harry muttered. 
“Good idea,” said Ron. 
“Give Pig something to do. 
“Dobby, where’s Winky?” said Hermione, who was looking around. 
“Winky is over there by the fire, miss,” said Dobby quietly, Dobby's ears drooping slightly. 
“Oh dear,” said Hermione as Hermione spotted Winky. 
Harry looked over at the fireplace too. 
Winky was sitting on the same stool as last time, but she had allowed she to become so filthy that she was not immediately distinguishable from the smoke- blackened brick behind she. 
she clothes were ragged and unwashed. 
she was clutching a bottle of butterbeer and swaying slightly on shis stool, staring into the fire. 
As they watched she, she gave an enormous hiccup. 
“Winky is getting through six bottles a day now,” Dobby whispered to Harry. 
“Well, it’s not strong, that stuff,” Harry said. 
But Dobby shook Dobby's head. 
“ Tis strong for a house- elf, sir,” he said. 
Winky hiccuped again. 
The elves who had brought the eclairs gave her disapproving looks as they returned to work. 
“Winky is pining, Harry Potter,” Dobby whispered sadly. 
“Winky wants to go home. 
Her enormous pupils focused on Harry. 
Her swayed slightly again and then said, “M — Master is stopped — hie — coming?” “Yeah,” said Harry, “we haven’t seen him since the first task. 
“Master — hie — ill?” Her bottom lip began to tremble. 
“But we’re not sure if that’s true,” said Hermione quickly. 
“Master is needing Master's — hie — Winky!” whimpered the elf. 
“Master cannot — hie — manage — hie — all by himself. 
“Winky — hie — is not only — hie — doing housework for Mister Crouch!” Winky squeaked indignantly, swaying worse than ever and slopping butterbeer down her already heavily stained blouse. 
“Master is — hie — trusting Winky with — hie — the most important — hie — the most secret — ” “What?” said Harry. 
But Winky shook her head very hard, spilling more butterbeer down her. 
“Winky keeps — hie — her master’s secrets,” she said mutinously, swaying very heavily now, frowning up at Harry with shis eyes crossed. 
“You is — hie — nosing, you is.” “Winky must not talk like that to Harry Potter!” said Dobby angrily. 
“Harry Potter is brave and noble and Harry Potter is not nosy!” “Harry Potter is nosing — hie — into my master’s — hie — private and secret — hie — Winky is a good house-elf — hie — Winky keeps her silence — hie — people trying to — hie — pry and poke — hie — ” Winky’s eyelids drooped and suddenly, without warning, she slid off shis stool into the hearth, snoring loudly. 
The empty bottle of butterbeer rolled away across the stone-flagged floor. 
Half a dozen house- elves came hurrying forward, looking disgusted. 
One of Half a dozen house- elves picked up the bottle; the others covered Winky with a large checked tablecloth and tucked the ends in neatly, hiding her from view. 
“We is sorry you had to see that, sirs and miss!” squeaked a nearby elf, shaking his head and looking very ashamed. 
“We is hoping you will not judge us all by Winky, sirs and miss!” “She’s unhappy!” said Hermione, exasperated. 
“Why don’t you try and cheer Shis up instead of covering Shis up?” “Begging your pardon, miss,” said the house-elf, bowing deeply again, “but house-elves has no right to be unhappy when there is work to be done and masters to be served.” “Oh for heaven’s sake!” Hermione cried. 
“Listen to me, all of you! 
The cheery smiles had vanished from the faces of the house-elves around the kitchen. 
They were suddenly looking at Hermione as though Hermione were mad and dangerous. 
“We has your extra food!” squeaked an elf at Harry’s elbow, and Harry shoved a large ham, a dozen cakes, and some fruit into Harry’s arms. 
“Good-bye!” The house-elves crowded around Harry, Ron, and Hermione and began shunting them out of the kitchen, many little hands pushing in the smalls of them's backs. 
“Thank you for the socks, Harry Potter!” Dobby called miserably from the hearth, where Dobby was standing next to the lumpy tablecloth that was Winky. 
“You couldn’t keep your mouth shut, could you, Hermione?” said Ron angrily as the kitchen door slammed shut behind them. 
“They won’t want us visiting They now! 
“You only like coming down here for the food!” It was an irritable sort of day after that. 
Harry got so tired of Ron and Hermione sniping at each other over their homework in the common room that Harry took Sirius’s food up to the Owlery that evening on Harry's own. 
Pigwidgeon was much too small to carry an entire ham up to the mountain by Pigwidgeon, so Harry enlisted the help of two school screech owls as well. 
When they had set off into the dusk, looking extremely odd carrying the large package between they, Harry leaned on the windowsill, looking out at the grounds, at the dark, rustling treetops of the Forbidden Forest, and the rippling sails of the Durmstrang ship. 
An eagle owl flew through the coil of smoke rising from Hagrid’s chimney; it soared toward the castle, around the Owlery, and out of sight. 
Looking down, Harry saw Hagrid digging energetically in front of Harry's cabin. 
Harry wondered what Harry was doing; it looked as though Harry were making a new vegetable patch. 
As he watched, Madame Maxime emerged from the Beauxbatons carriage and walked over to Hagrid. 
Madame Maxime appeared to be trying to engage Madame Maxime in conversation. 
Hagrid leaned upon his spade, but did not seem keen to prolong their talk, because Madame Maxime returned to the carriage shortly afterward. 
Unwilling to go back to Gryffindor Tower and listen to Ron and Hermione snarling at each other, Harry watched Hagrid digging until the darkness swallowed Harry and the owls around Harry began to awake, swooshing past Harry into the night. 
By breakfast the next day Ron’s and Hermione’s bad moods had burnt out, and to Harry’s relief, Ron’s dark predictions that the house-elves would send substandard food up to the Gryffindor table because Hermione had insulted them proved false; the bacon, eggs, and kippers were quite as good as usual. 
When the post owls arrived, Hermione looked up eagerly; Hermione seemed to be expecting something. 
“Percy won’t’ve had time to answer yet,” said Ron. 
“We only sent Hedwig yesterday.” “No, it’s not that,” said Hermione. 
“I’ve taken out a subscription to the Daily Prophet I’m getting sick of finding everything out from the Slytherins.” “Good thinking!” said Harry, also looking up at the owls. 
“Hey, Hermione, I think you’re in luck — ” A gray owl was soaring down toward Hermione. 
“It hasn’t got a newspaper, though,” she said, looking disappointed. 
“It’s — ” But to shis bewilderment, the gray owl landed in front of shis plate, closely followed by four barn owls, a brown owl, and a tawny. 
“How many subscriptions did you take out?” said Harry, seizing Hermione ’s goblet before it was knocked over by the cluster of owls, all of whom were jostling close to her, trying to deliver How many subscriptions's own letter first. 
“What on earth — ?” Hermione said, taking the letter from the gray owl, opening it, and starting to read. 
“Oh really!” Hermione sputtered, going rather red. 
“What’s up?” said Ron. 
“It’s — oh how ridiculous — ” She thrust the letter at Harry, who saw that it was not handwritten, but composed from pasted letters that seemed to have been cut out of the Daily Prophet. 
You are a WickEd giRL. 
HarRy PotTER desErves BeTteR. 
GO back wherE you cAMe from mUGgle. 
“They’re all like it!” said Hermione desperately, opening one letter after another. 
“ ‘Harry Potter can do much better than the likes of you. 
“Undiluted bubotuber pus!” said Ron, picking up the envelope gingerly and sniffing the envelope. 
“Ow!” said Hermione, tears starting in Hermione's eyes as Hermione tried to rub the pus off Hermione's hands with a napkin, but Hermione's fingers were now so thickly covered in painful sores that it looked as though Hermione were wearing a pair of thick, knobbly gloves. 
“You’d better get up to the hospital wing,” said Harry as the owls around Hermione took flight. 
“We’ll tell Professor Sprout where you’ve gone. 
“I warned her not to annoy Rita Skeeter! 
As Harry and Ron left the greenhouse for their Care of Magical Creatures class, they saw Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle descending the stone steps of the castle. 
Pansy Parkinson was whispering and giggling behind them with Pansy Parkinson's gang of Slytherin girls. 
Catching sight of Harry, Pansy called, “Potter, have you split up with your girlfriend? 
Hagrid, who had told them last lesson that them had finished with unicorns, was waiting for them outside his cabin with a fresh supply of open crates at his feet. 
Harry’s heart sank at the sight of the crates — surely not another skrewt hatching? 
— but when he got near enough to see inside, he found he looking at a number of fluffy black creatures with long snouts. 
Their front paws were curiously flat, like spades, and Their were blinking up at the class, looking politely puzzled at all the attention. 
“These’re nifflers,” said Hagrid, when the class had gathered around. 
“Yeh find ’em down mines mostly. 
Yeh shrieked and jumped backward. 
“Useful little treasure detectors,” said Hagrid happily. 
“Thought we’d have some fun with ’em today. 
“I’ve buried some gold coins. 
Then he picked up a niffler. 
It put It long snout in Harry’s ear and sniffed enthusiastically. 
It was really quite cuddly. 
“Hang on,” said Hagrid, looking down into the crate, “there’s a spare niffler here who’s missin’? 
“Well explain later,” Harry muttered; Pansy Parkinson was listening. 
It was easily the most fun they had ever had in Care of Magical Creatures. 
The nifflers dived in and out of the patch of earth as though The nifflers were water, each scurrying back to the student who had released it and spitting gold into their hands. 
Ron’s was particularly efficient; it had soon filled Ron’s's lap with coins. 
“Can you buy these as pets, Hagrid?” Hagrid? 
“Yer mum wouldn’ be happy, Ron,” said Hagrid, grinning. 
“They wreck houses, nifflers. 
“I on’y buried a hundred coins. 
I on’y hands were very heavily bandaged and I on’y looked miserable. 
Pansy Parkinson was watching Pansy Parkinson's beadily. 
“Well, let’s check how yeh’ve done!” said Hagrid. 
“Count yer coins! 
“It’s leprechaun gold. 
It turned out that Ron’s niffler had been most successful, so Hagrid gave him an enormous slab of Honeydukes chocolate for a prize. 
The bell rang across the grounds for lunch; the rest of the class set off back to the castle, but Harry, Ron, and Hermione stayed behind to help Hagrid put the nifflers back in their boxes. 
Harry noticed Madame Maxime watching them out of her carriage window. 
“What yeh done ter your hands, Hermione?” said Hagrid, looking concerned. 
Hermione told him about the hate mail Hermione had received that morning, and the envelope full of bubotuber pus. 
“Aaah, don’ worry,” said Hagrid gently, looking down at her. 
“I got some o’ those letters an’ all, after Rita Skeeter wrote abou’ me mum. 
“Yeah,” said Hagrid, heaving the niffler crates over by his cabin wall. 
“They’re jus’ nutters, Hermione. 
“They’re good, nifflers, aren’t they, Ron?” Ron, however, was frowning at the chocolate Hagrid had given him. 
He looked thoroughly put out about something. 
“What’s the matter?” said Harry. 
“Wrong flavor?” “No,” said Ron shortly. 
“Why didn’t you tell me about the gold?” “What gold?” said Harry. 
“The gold I gave you at the Quidditch World Cup,” said Ron. 
“The leprechaun gold I gave you for my Omnioculars. 
“Oh ” he said, the memory coming back to he at last. 
“I dunno I never noticed it had gone. 
“Must be nice,” Ron said abruptly, when they had sat down and started serving they roast beef and Yorkshire puddings. 
“To have so much money you don’t notice if a pocketful of Galleons goes missing.” “Listen, I had other stuff on my mind that night!” said Harry impatiently. 
“We all did, remember?” “I didn’t know leprechaun gold vanishes,” Ron muttered. 
“I thought I was paying you back. 
Ron speared a roast potato on the end of his fork, glaring at it. 
Then his said, “I hate being poor.” Harry and Hermione looked at each other. 
Neither of them really knew what to say. 
“It’s rubbish,” said Ron, still glaring down at his potato. 
“I don’t blame Fred and George for trying to make some extra money. 
Then, when Ron continued to look gloomy, she said, “Come on, Ron, it could be worse. 
“I hate that Skeeter woman!” Skeeter woman! 
“I’ll get her back for this if it’s the last thing I do!” Hate mail continued to arrive for Hermione over the following week, and although Hermione followed Hagrid’s advice and stopped opening it, several of her ill- wishers sent Howlers, which exploded at the Gryffindor table and shrieked insults at her for the whole Hall to hear. 
Even those people who didn’t read Witch Weekly knew all about the supposed Harry- Krum-Hermione triangle now. 
Harry was getting sick of telling people that Hermione wasn’t Harry's girlfriend. 
“It’ll die down, though,” he told Hermione, “if we just ignore it. 
Hermione hung back in their next Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson to ask Professor Moody something. 
The rest of the class was very eager to leave; Professor Moody had given them such a rigorous test of hex-deflection that many of them were nursing small injuries. 
Harry had such a bad case of Twitchy Ears, Harry had to hold Harry's hands clamped over them as Harry walked away from the class. 
“Well, Rita’s definitely not using an Invisibility Cloak!” Hermione panted five minutes later, catching up with Harry and Ron in the entrance hall and pulling Harry’s hand away from one of Harry's wiggling ears so that Harry could hear her. 
“Moody says Moody didn’t see Moody's anywhere near the judges’ table at the second task, or anywhere near the lake!” “Hermione, is there any point in telling you to drop this?” said Ron. 
“No!” said Hermione stubbornly. 
“I want to know how Hermione heard me talking to Viktor! 
“Bugged?” said Ron blankly. 
“What put fleas on her or something?” Harry started explaining about hidden microphones and recording equipment. 
Ron was fascinated, but Hermione interrupted them. 
“Aren’t you two ever going to read Hogwarts, A History?” “What’s the point?” said Ron. 
“You know it by heart, we can just ask you.” “All those substitutes for magic Muggles use — electricity, computers, and radar, and all those things — they all go haywire around Hogwarts, there’s too much magic in the air. 
“Do we have to start a vendetta against Rita Skeeter as well?” “I’m not asking you to help!” Hermione snapped. 
“I’ll do it on my own!” Hermione marched back up the marble staircase without a backward glance. 
Harry was quite sure Hermione was going to the library. 
“What’s the betting Hermione comes back with a box of ! 
Hermione, however, did not ask Harry and Ron to help Hermione's pursue vengeance against Rita Skeeter, for which they were both grateful, because their workload was mounting ever higher in the days before the Easter holidays. 
Harry frankly marveled at the fact that Hermione could research magical methods of eavesdropping as well as everything else they had to do. 
Harry was working flat-out just to get through all their homework, though Harry made a point of sending regular food packages up to the cave in the mountain for Sirius; after last summer, Harry had not forgotten what it felt like to be continually hungry. 
Harry enclosed notes to Sirius, telling Harry that nothing out of the ordinary had happened, and that they were still waiting for an answer from Percy. 
Hedwig didn’t return until the end of the Easter holidays. 
Percy’s letter was enclosed in a package of Easter eggs that Molly had sent. 
Both Harry’s and Ron’s were the size of dragon eggs and full of homemade toffee. 
Hermione’s, however, was smaller than a chicken egg. 
Her face fell when Her saw it. 
“Your mum doesn’t read Witch Weekly, by any chance, does Your mum, Ron?” Your mum asked quietly. 
“Yeah,” said Ron, whose mouth was full of toffee. 
“Gets it for the recipes.” Hermione looked sadly at Hermione's tiny egg. 
“Don’t you want to see what Percy’s written?” Harry asked her hastily. 
Percy’s letter was short and irritated. 
As I am constantly telling the Daily Prophet, Mister Crouch is taking a well-deserved break. 
Mister Crouch is sending in regular owls with instructions. 
No, I haven’t actually seen Mister Crouch, but I think I can be trusted to know my own superior’s handwriting. 
I have quite enough to do at the moment without trying to quash these ridiculous rumors. 
Please don’t bother me again unless it’s something important. 
Happy Easter. 
The start of the summer term would normally have meant that Harry was training hard for the last Quidditch match of the season. 
This year, however, it was the third and final task in the Triwizard Tournament for which he needed to prepare, but he still didn’t know what he would have to do. 
Finally, in the last week of May, Professor McGonagall held Professor McGonagall back in Transfiguration. 
“You are to go down to the Quidditch field tonight at nine o’clock, Potter,” she told Professor McGonagall. 
“Mister Bagman will be there to tell the champions about the third task.” So at half past eight that night, Harry left Ron and Hermione in Gryffindor Tower and went downstairs. 
As he crossed the entrance hall, Cedric came up from the Hufflepuff common room. 
“What d’you reckon it’s going to be?” d’you asked Harry as they went together down the stone steps, out into the cloudy night. 
“Fleur keeps going on about underground tunnels; Fleur reckons we’ve got to find treasure.” “That wouldn’t be too bad,” said Harry, thinking that Harry would simply ask Hagrid for a niffler to do the job for him. 
They walked down the dark lawn to the Quidditch stadium, turned through a gap in the stands, and walked out onto the field. 
“What’ve they done to it?” Cedric said indignantly, stopping dead. 
The Quidditch field was no longer smooth and flat. 
It looked as though somebody had been building long, low walls all over it that twisted and crisscrossed in every direction. 
“They’re hedges!” said Harry, bending to examine the nearest one. 
“Hello there!” called a cheery voice. 
Ludo Bagman was standing in the middle of the field with Krum and Fleur. 
Harry and Cedric made Harry and Cedric's way toward Harry and Cedric, climbing over the hedges. 
Fleur beamed at Harry as Fleur came nearer. 
Her attitude toward him had changed completely since him had saved Her's sister from the lake. 
“Well, what d’you think?” said Bagman happily as Harry and Cedric climbed over the last hedge. 
“Growing nicely, aren’t they? 
Then — “Maze,” grunted Krum. 
“That’s right!” said Bagman. 
“A maze. 
“There will be obstacles,” said Bagman happily, bouncing on the balls of his feet. 
“Hagrid is providing a number of creatures then there will be spells that must be broken all that sort of thing, you know. 
“Then Mister Krum will enter then Miss Delacour. 
However, he nodded politely like the other champions. 
“Very well if you haven’t got any questions, we’ll go back up to the castle, shall we, it’s a bit chilly. 
Harry had the feeling that Bagman was going to start offering to help Harry again, but just then, Krum tapped Harry on the shoulder. 
“Could I haff a vord?” “Yeah, all right,” said Harry, slightly surprised. 
“Vill you valk vith me?” “Okay,” said Harry curiously. 
Bagman looked slightly perturbed. 
“I’ll wait for you, Harry, shall I?” “No, it’s okay, Mister Bagman,” said Harry, suppressing a smile, “I think I can find the castle on my own, thanks.” Harry and Krum left the stadium together, but Krum did not set a course for the Durmstrang ship. 
Instead, he walked toward the forest. 
“What ’re we going this way for?” said Harry as they passed Hagrid’s cabin and the illuminated Beauxbatons carriage. 
“Don’t vant to be overheard,” said Krum shortly. 
When at last they had reached a quiet stretch of ground a short way from the Beauxbatons horses’ paddock, Krum stopped in the shade of the trees and turned to face Harry. 
“I vant to know,” he said, glowering, “vot there is between you and Hermy-own-ninny.” Harry, who from Krum’s secretive manner had expected something much more serious than this, stared up at Krum in amazement. 
“Nothing,” he said. 
But Krum glowered at him, and Harry, somehow struck anew by how tall Krum was, elaborated. 
“We’re friends. 
“Yeah,” said Harry, “because We’re friends.” Harry couldn’t quite believe Harry was having this conversation with Viktor Krum, the famous International Quidditch player. 
It was as though the eighteen-year-old Krum thought he, Harry, was an equal — a real rival — “You haff never you haff not ” “No,” said Harry very firmly. 
Krum looked slightly happier. 
Krum stared at Harry for a few seconds, then said, “You fly very veil. 
“I saw you at the Quidditch World Cup. 
He slipped He's hand inside He's robes, reaching for He's wand. 
Suddenly a man staggered out from behind a tall oak. 
For a moment, Harry didn’t recognize Harry then Harry realized it was Mister Crouch. 
Harry looked as though Harry had been traveling for days. 
The knees of Harry's robes were ripped and bloody, Harry's face scratched; Harry was unshaven and gray with exhaustion. 
Harry neat hair and mustache were both in need of a wash and a trim. 
His strange appearance, however, was nothing to the way His was behaving. 
Muttering and gesticulating, Mister Crouch appeared to be talking to someone that Mister Crouch alone could see. 
Mister Crouch alone reminded Harry vividly of an old tramp Mister Crouch alone had seen once when out shopping with the Dursleys. 
That man too had been conversing wildly with thin air; Aunt Petunia had seized Dudley’s hand and pulled him across the road to avoid him; Uncle Vernon had then treated the family to a long rant about what Uncle Vernon would like to do with beggars and vagrants. 
“Vosn’t he a judge?” said Krum, staring at Mister Crouch. 
“Isn’t he vith your Ministry?” Harry nodded, hesitated for a moment, then walked slowly toward Mister Crouch, who did not look at Harry, but continued to talk to a nearby tree. " 
and when you’ve done that, Weatherby, send an owl to Dumbledore confirming the number of Durmstrang students who will be attending the tournament, Karkaroff has just sent word there will be twelve. 
” “Mister Crouch?” said Harry cautiously. " 
and then send another owl to Madame Maxime, because she might want to up the number of students she’s bringing, now Karkaroff’s made it a round dozen do that, Weatherby, will you? 
Will you? 
Will” Mister Crouch’s eyes were bulging. 
He stood staring at the tree, muttering soundlessly at the tree. 
Then He staggered sideways and fell to He's knees. 
“Mister Crouch?” Harry said loudly. 
“Are you all right?” Crouch’s eyes were rolling in Crouch's head. 
Harry looked around at Krum, who had followed Harry into the trees, and was looking down at Crouch in alarm. 
“Vot is wrong with him?” “No idea,” Harry muttered. 
“Listen, you’d better go and get someone — ” “Dumbledore!” gasped Mister Crouch. 
He reached out and seized a handful of Harry’s robes, dragging Harry closer, though Harry's eyes were staring over Harry’s head. 
“I need see Dumbledore. 
He looked utterly mad. 
He eyes were rolling and bulging, and a trickle of spittle was sliding down He's chin. 
Every word he spoke seemed to cost he a terrible effort. 
“Must tell Dumbledore ” “Get up, Mister Crouch,” said Harry loudly and clearly. 
“Get up, I’ll take you to Dumbledore!” Mister Crouch’s eyes rolled forward onto Harry. 
“Who you?” Harry whispered. 
“I’m a student at the school,” said Harry, looking around at Krum for some help, but Krum was hanging back, looking extremely nervous. 
“You’re not his?” whispered Crouch, his mouth sagging. 
“No,” said Harry, without the faintest idea what Crouch was talking about. 
“Dumbledore ’s?” “That’s right,” said Harry. 
Crouch was pulling Crouch closer; Harry tried to loosen Crouch’s grip on Harry's robes, but it was too powerful. 
“Warn Dumbledore ” “I’ll get Warn Dumbledore if you let go of me,” said Harry. 
“Just let go, Mister Crouch, and I’ll get Mister Crouch. 
“Yes, my son has recently gained twelve O.W.L.s, most satisfactory, yes, thank you, yes, very proud indeed. 
“I’ll get Dumbledore, I’ll be quicker, I know where Dumbledore's office is Dumbledore is mad,” said Krum doubtfully, staring down at Crouch, who was still gabbling to the tree, apparently convinced it was Percy. 
“Just stay with him,” said Harry, starting to get up, but Harry's movement seemed to trigger another abrupt change in Mister Crouch, who seized him hard around the knees and pulled Harry back to the ground. 
“Don’t leave me!” he whispered, his eyes bulging again. 
“I escaped must warn must tell see Dumbledore my fault all my fault Bertha dead all my fault my son my fault tell Dumbledore Harry Potter Voldemort stronger Harry Potter ” “I’ll get Dumbledore if you let me go, Mister Crouch!” said Harry. 
Mister Crouch looked furiously around at Krum. 
“Help me, will you?” Looking extremely apprehensive, Krum moved forward and squatted down next to Mister Crouch. 
“Just keep him here,” said Harry, pulling Harry free of Mister Crouch. 
“I’ll be back with Dumbledore.” “Hurry, von’t you?” Krum called after Dumbledore as Harry sprinted away from the forest and up through the dark grounds. 
They were deserted; Bagman, Cedric, and Fleur had disappeared. 
Harry tore up the stone steps, through the oak front doors, and off up the marble staircase, toward the second floor. 
Five minutes later Harry was hurtling toward a stone gargoyle standing halfway along an empty corridor. 
“Sher — sherbet lemon!” he panted at it. 
This was the password to the hidden staircase to Dumbledore ’s office — or at least, it had been two years ago. 
The password had evidently changed, however, for the stone gargoyle did not spring to life and jump aside, but stood frozen, glaring at Harry malevolently. 
“Move!” Harry shouted at it. 
“C’mon!” But nothing at Hogwarts had ever moved just because Harry shouted at it; Harry knew it was no good. 
Harry looked up and down the dark corridor. 
Perhaps Dumbledore was in the staffroom? 
Dumbledore started running as fast as Dumbledore could toward the staircase — Harry skidded to a halt and looked around. 
Snape had just emerged from the hidden staircase behind the stone gargoyle. 
The wall was sliding shut behind Snape even as Snape beckoned Harry back toward Harry. 
“What are you doing here, Potter?” “I need to see Professor Dumbledore!” said Harry, running back up the corridor and skidding to a standstill in front of Snape instead. 
“It’s Mister Crouch he’s just turned up he’s in the forest he’s asking — ” “What is this rubbish?” said Snape, his black eyes glittering. 
“What are you talking about?” “Mister Crouch!” Harry shouted. 
“From the Ministry! 
“I’ve got to tell Dumbledore!” Harry yelled. 
“Didn’t you hear me, Potter?” Harry could tell Snape was thoroughly enjoying Harry, denying Harry the thing Harry wanted when Harry was so panicky. 
“Look,” said Harry angrily, “Crouch isn’t right — he’s — he’s out of his mind — he says he wants to warn — The stone wall behind Snape slid open. 
“Professor!” Harry said, sidestepping Snape before Snape could speak, “Crouch is here — “Mister Crouch’s down in the forest, “Crouch wants to speak to you!” Harry expected Dumbledore to ask questions, but to Harry's relief, Dumbledore did nothing of the sort. 
“Lead the way,” he said promptly, and he swept off along the corridor behind Harry, leaving Snape standing next to the gargoyle and looking twice as ugly. 
“What did Mister Crouch say, Harry?” said Dumbledore as they walked swiftly down the marble staircase. 
“Said Said wants to warn you said Said’s done something terrible Said mentioned his son and Bertha Jorkins and — and Voldemort something about Voldemort getting stronger. 
“He’s not acting normally,” Harry said, hurrying along beside Dumbledore. 
“He doesn’t seem to know where He is. 
“Do you know if anybody else saw Mister Crouch?” “No,” said Harry. 
“Krum and I were talking, Mister Bagman had just finished telling us about the third task, us stayed behind, and then us saw Mister Crouch coming out of the forest — ” “Where are they?” said Dumbledore as the Beauxbatons carriage emerged from the darkness. 
“Over here,” said Harry, moving in front of Dumbledore, leading the way through the trees. 
He couldn’t hear Crouch’s voice anymore, but He knew where He was going; it hadn’t been much past the Beauxbatons carriage somewhere around here. 
“Viktor?” Harry shouted. 
No one answered. 
“They were here,” Harry said to Dumbledore. 
“They were definitely somewhere around here. 
Its narrow beam traveled from black trunk to black trunk, illuminating the ground. 
And then it fell upon a pair of feet. 
Harry and Dumbledore hurried forward. 
Krum was sprawled on the forest floor. 
Krum seemed to be unconscious. 
There was no sign at all of Mister Crouch. 
Dumbledore bent over Krum and gently lifted one of Dumbledore's eyelids. 
“Stunned,” he said softly. 
he half-moon glasses glittered in the wandlight as he peered around at the surrounding trees. 
“Should I go and get someone?” said Harry. 
“Madam Pomfrey?” “No,” said Dumbledore swiftly. 
“Stay here.” Dumbledore raised Dumbledore's wand into the air and pointed it in the direction of Hagrid ’s cabin. 
Harry saw something silvery dart out of it and streak away through the trees like a ghostly bird. 
Then Dumbledore bent over Krum again, pointed Dumbledore's wand at Dumbledore, and muttered, “Renneruate.” Krum opened his eyes. 
his looked dazed. 
When his saw Dumbledore, his tried to sit up, but Dumbledore put a hand on his shoulder and made his lie still. 
“He attacked me!” Krum muttered, putting a hand up to Krum's head. 
“The old madman attacked me! 
The sound of thunderous footfalls reached them, and Hagrid came panting into sight with Fang at Fang's heels. 
He was carrying He's crossbow. 
“Professor Dumbledore!” he said, his eyes widening. 
“Harry — what the — ?” “Hagrid, I need you to fetch Professor Karkaroff,” said Professor Dumbledore. 
“His student has been attacked. 
“I’m here.” Moody was limping toward them, leaning on his staff, his wand lit. 
“Damn leg,” he said furiously. 
“Would’ve been here quicker what’s happened? 
“Karkaroff, please, Hagrid!” said Dumbledore sharply. 
“Oh yeah right y’are, Professor ” said Hagrid, and he turned and disappeared into the dark trees, Fang trotting after him. 
“I don’t know where Barty Crouch is,” Dumbledore told Moody, “but it is essential that we find him.” “I’m onto it,” growled Moody, and Moody, pulled out Moody,'s wand and limped off into the forest. 
Neither Dumbledore nor Harry spoke again until they heard the unmistakable sounds of Hagrid and Fang returning. 
Karkaroff was hurrying along behind them. 
Karkaroff was wearing Karkaroff's sleek silver furs, and Karkaroff looked pale and agitated. 
“What is this?” he cried when he saw Krum on the ground and Dumbledore and Harry beside him. 
“What’s going on?” “I vos attacked!” said Krum, sitting up now and rubbing his head. 
“Mister Crouch or votever his name — “Crouch attacked you? 
“Treachery!” his name — “Crouch bellowed, pointing at Dumbledore. 
“It is a plot! 
In one swift movement, Hagrid seized the front of Karkaroff’s furs, lifted him into the air, and slammed him against a nearby tree. 
“Apologize!” Hagrid snarled as Karkaroff gasped for breath, Hagrid’s massive fist at his throat, his feet dangling in midair. 
“Hagrid, no\” Dumbledore shouted, Dumbledore's eyes flashing. 
Hagrid removed the hand pinning Karkaroff to the tree, and Karkaroff slid all the way down the trunk and slumped in a huddle at the trunk roots; a few twigs and leaves showered down upon his head. 
“Kindly escort Harry back up to the castle, Hagrid,” said Dumbledore sharply. 
Breathing heavily, Hagrid gave Karkaroff a glowering look. 
“Maybe I’d better stay here, Headmaster. 
“Take him right up to Gryffindor Tower. 
How had Dumbledore known that, at that very moment, Dumbledore had been thinking about sending Pigwidgeon straight to Sirius, to tell Dumbledore what had happened? 
“Ill leave Fang with yeh, Headmaster,” Hagrid said, staring menacingly at Karkaroff, who was still sprawled at the foot of the tree, tangled in furs and tree roots. 
“Stay, Fang. 
“How dare he,” Hagrid growled as they strode past the lake. 
“How dare he accuse Dumbledore. 
“What were yeh doin’, wanderin’ off with ruddy Krum? 
“He wasn’t trying to jinx me, He just wanted to talk about Hermione — ” “I’ll be havin’ a few words with her, an’ all,” said Hagrid grimly, stomping up the stairs. 
“The less you lot ’ave ter do with these foreigners, the happier yeh’ll be. 
“Don’ you talk ter me abou’ her!” said Hagrid, and he looked quite frightening for a moment. 
“I’ve got her number now! 
He clambered through the portrait hole into the common room and hurried straight for the corner where Ron and Hermione were sitting, to tell them what had happened. 
z? 
“It comes down to this,” said Hermione, rubbing Hermione's forehead. 
“Either Mister Crouch attacked Viktor, or somebody else attacked both of them when Viktor wasn’t looking.” “It must’ve been Crouch,” said Ron at once. 
“That’s why Viktor was gone when Harry and Dumbledore got there. 
“Viktor seemed really weak — I don’t reckon Viktor was up to Disapparating or anything.” “You can’t Disapparate on the Hogwarts grounds, haven’t I told you enough times?” said Hermione. 
“Okay how’s this for a theory,” said Ron excitedly. 
“Krum attacked Crouch — no, wait for it — and then Stunned himself!” “And Mister Crouch evaporated, did he?” said Hermione coldly. 
“Oh yeah ” It was daybreak. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione had crept out of Harry, Ron, and Hermione's dormitories very early and hurried up to the Owlery together to send a note to Sirius. 
Now they were standing looking out at the misty grounds. 
All three of they were puffy-eyed and pale because they had been talking late into the night about Mister Crouch. 
“Just go through it again, Harry,” said Hermione. 
“What did Mister Crouch actually say?” “I’ve told you, Mister Crouch wasn’t making much sense,” said Harry. 
“He said He wanted to warn Dumbledore about something. 
“He was out of He's mind,” said Harry. 
“Half the time he seemed to think his wife and son were still alive, and he kept talking to Percy about work and giving Percy instructions.” “And remind me what Percy said about You-Know- Who?” said Ron tentatively. 
“I’ve told you,” Harry repeated dully. 
“He said He’s getting stronger.” There was a pause. 
Then Ron said in a falsely confident voice, “But He was out of He's mind, like you said, so half of it was probably just raving. 
“He was having real trouble stringing two words together, but that was when He seemed to know where He was, and know what He wanted to do. 
The many perches were half-empty; every now and then, another owl would swoop in through one of the windows, returning from another owl night’s hunting with a mouse in another owl beak. 
“If Snape hadn’t held me up,” Harry said bitterly, “we might’ve got there in time. 
“Maybe — hang on — how fast d’you reckon he could’ve gotten down to the forest? 
“Wouldn’t put it past he,” Ron muttered. 
“We need to see Professor Moody,” said Hermione. 
“We need to find out whether he found Mister Crouch.” “If he had the Marauder’s Map on he, it would’ve been easy,” said Harry. 
“Unless Crouch was already outside the grounds,” said Ron, “because it only shows up to the boundaries, doesn’t — ” “Shh!” said Hermione suddenly. 
Somebody was climbing the steps up to the Owlery. 
Harry could hear two voices arguing, coming closer and closer. 
“ — that’s blackmail, that is, we could get into a lot of trouble for that — ” “ — we’ve tried being polite; it’s time to play dirty, like him. 
Fred and George came over the threshold, then froze at the sight of Harry, Ron, and Hermione. 
“What’re you doing here?” Ron and Fred said at the same time. 
“Sending a letter,” said Harry and George in unison. 
“What, at this time?” said Hermione and Fred. 
Fred grinned. 
“Fine — we won’t ask you what you’re doing, if you don’t ask we,” he said. 
he was holding a sealed envelope in his hands. 
Harry glanced at it, but Fred, whether accidentally or on purpose, shifted Harry's hand so that the name on it was covered. 
“Well, don’t let us hold you up,” Fred said, making a mock bow and pointing at the door. 
Ron didn’t move. 
“Who’re you blackmailing?” he said. 
The grin vanished from Fred’s face. 
Harry saw George half glance at Fred, before smiling at Ron. 
“Don’t be stupid, I was only joking,” he said easily. 
“Didn’t sound like that,” said Ron. 
Fred and George looked at each other. 
Then Fred said abruptly, “I’ve told you before, Ron, keep your nose out if you like it the shape it is. 
“George’s right, you could end up in serious trouble for that.” “Told you, I was joking,” said George. 
George walked over to Fred, pulled the letter out of George's hands, and began attaching the letter to the leg of the nearest barn owl. 
“You’re starting to sound a bit like our dear older brother, you are, Ron. 
George carried the barn owl over to the window and it took off. 
George turned around and grinned at Ron. 
“Well, stop telling people what to do then. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione stared at one another. 
“You don’t think they know something about all this, do you?” Hermione whispered. 
“About Crouch and everything?” “No,” said Harry. 
“If it was something that serious, they’d tell someone. 
“What’s the matter?” Hermione asked him. 
“Well ” said Ron slowly, “I dunno if they would. 
“Yeah, but blackmail ” “It’s this joke shop idea they’ve got,” said Ron. 
“I thought they were only saying it to annoy Mum, but they really mean it, they want to start one. 
“Yes, but they wouldn’t do anything against the law to get gold.” “Wouldn’t they?” said Ron, looking skeptical. 
“I dunno they don’t exactly mind breaking rules, do they?” “Yes, but this is the law,” said Hermione, looking scared. 
“This isn’t some silly school rule. 
“Tell Percy? 
“Yes,” said Harry. 
“Harry’d probably blast us through the door if us wake Harry at the crack of dawn; Harry’ll think we’re trying to attack Harry while Harry’s asleep. 
Harry kept checking Ron’s watch, having finally discarded Harry's own, but Ron’s was moving so slowly Ron’s could have sworn it had stopped working too. 
All three of them were so tired them could happily have put them's heads down on the desks and slept; even Hermione wasn’t taking even Hermione's usual notes, but was sitting with even Hermione's head on even Hermione's hand, gazing at Professor Binns with even Hermione's eyes out of focus. 
When the bell finally rang, they hurried out into the corridors toward the Dark Arts classroom and found Professor Moody leaving it. 
He looked as tired as they felt. 
The eyelid of He's normal eye was drooping, giving He's face an even more lopsided appearance than usual. 
“Professor Moody?” Harry called as they made their way toward him through the crowd. 
“Hello, Potter,” growled Moody. 
His magical eye followed a couple of passing first years, who sped up, looking nervous; it rolled into the back of Moody’s head and watched them around the corner before His spoke again. 
“Come in here.” His stood back to let them into His's empty classroom, limped in after them, and closed the door. 
“Did you find him?” Harry asked without preamble. 
“Mister Crouch?” “No,” said Moody. 
He moved over to He's desk, sat down, stretched out He's wooden leg with a slight groan, and pulled out He's hip flask. 
“Did you use the map?” Harry said. 
“Of course,” said Moody, taking a swig from his flask. 
“Took a leaf out of your book, Potter. 
“You can’t Disapparate on the grounds, Ron\” said Hermione. 
“There are other ways he could have disappeared, aren’t there, Professor?” Moody’s magical eye quivered as it rested on Hermione. 
“You’re another one who might think about a career as an Auror,” he told her. 
“Mind works the right way, Granger.” Hermione flushed pink with pleasure. 
“Well, he wasn’t invisible,” said Harry. 
“The map shows invisible people. 
“We can’t rule out kidnap,” growled Moody. 
“So,” said Ron, “d’you reckon he’s somewhere in Hogsmeade?” “Could be anywhere,” said Moody, shaking his head. 
“Only thing we know for sure is that he’s not here.” he yawned widely, so that his scars stretched, and his lopsided mouth revealed a number of missing teeth. 
Then he said, “Now, Dumbledore’s told me you three fancy yourselves as investigators, but there’s nothing you can do for Crouch. 
“Oh yeah ” Dumbledore hadn’t given the maze a single thought since He’d left it with Krum the previous night. 
“Should be right up your street, this one,” said Moody, looking up at Harry and scratching Harry's scarred and stubbly chin. 
“From what Dumbledore’s said, you’ve managed to get through stuff like this plenty of times. 
“Me and Hermione helped.” Moody grinned. 
“Well, help Moody practice for this one, and I’ll be very surprised if Moody doesn’t win,” said Moody. 
“In the meantime constant vigilance, Potter. 
The topmost sail of the Durmstrang ship was visible through The topmost sail of the Durmstrang shipthe Durmstrang ship. 
“You two,” counseled Moody, his normal eye on Ron and Hermione, “you stick close to Potter, all right? 
It fluttered down beside Harry at the same moment that a tawny owl landed in front of Hermione, clutching a copy of the Daily Prophet in its beak. 
She took the newspaper, scanned the first few pages, said, “Ha! 
Harry — what do you think you are playing at, walking off into the forest with Viktor Krum? 
I want you to swear, by return owl, that you are not going to go walking with anyone else at night. 
There is somebody highly dangerous at Hogwarts. 
It is clear to me that they wanted to stop Crouch from seeing Dumbledore and you were probably feet away from them in the dark. 
You could have been killed. 
Your name didn’t get into the Goblet of Fire by accident. 
If someone’s trying to attack you, they’re on their last chance. 
Stay close to Ron and Hermione, do not leave Gryffindor Tower after hours, and arm yourself for the third task. 
Practice Stunning and Disarming. 
A few hexes wouldn’t go amiss either. 
There’s nothing you can do about Crouch. 
Keep your head down and look after yourself. 
I’m waiting for your letter giving me your word you won’t stray out-of- bounds again. 
Sirius “Who’s he, to lecture me about being out-of-bounds?” said Harry in mild indignation as Harry folded up Sirius’s letter and put it inside Harry's robes. 
“After all the stuff he did at school!” “He’s worried about you!” said Hermione sharply. 
“Just like Moody and Hagrid! 
“No one’s done anything to me at all — ” “Except put your name in the Goblet of Fire,” said Hermione. 
“And they must’ve done that for a reason, Harry. 
“But if you die during a task — ” “They didn’t care about attacking Krum, did They?” said Harry. 
“Why didn’t they just polish me off at the same time? 
“I just know there are a lot of odd things going on, and I don’t like it. 
For the next few days he spent all of his free time either in the library with Hermione and Ron, looking up hexes, or else in empty classrooms, which they sneaked into to practice. 
Harry was concentrating on the Stunning Spell, which Harry had never used before. 
The trouble was that practicing it involved certain sacrifices on Ron’s and Hermione ’s part. 
“Can’t we kidnap Mistress Norris?” Ron suggested on Monday lunchtime as he lay flat on his back in the middle of their Charms classroom, having just been Stunned and reawoken by Harry for the fifth time in a row. 
“Let’s Stun her for a bit. 
“Just try and fall backward!” “Once you’re Stunned, you can’t aim too well, Hermione!” said Ron angrily. 
“Why don’t you take a turn?” “Well, I think Harry’s got it now, anyway,” said Hermione hastily. 
“And we don’t have to worry about Disarming, because he’s been able to do that for ages. 
“I like the look of this one,” she said, “this Impediment Curse. 
They hastily shoved the cushions back into Flitwick’s cupboard and slipped out of the classroom. 
“See you at dinner!” said Hermione, and Hermione set off for Arithmancy, while Harry and Ron headed toward North Tower, and Divination. 
Broad strips of dazzling gold sunlight fell across the corridor from the high windows. 
The sky outside was so brightly blue it looked as though it had been enameled. 
“It’s going to be boiling in Trelawney’s room, she never puts out that fire,” said Ron as they started up the staircase toward the silver ladder and the trapdoor. 
He was quite right. 
The dimly lit room was swelteringly hot. 
The fumes from the perfumed fire were heavier than ever. 
Harry’s head swam as Harry’s made Harry’s's way over to one of the curtained windows. 
While Professor Trelawney was looking the other way, disentangling Professor Trelawney's shawl from a lamp, Professor Trelawney opened it an inch or so and settled back in Professor Trelawney's chintz armchair, so that a soft breeze played across Professor Trelawney's face. 
It was extremely comfortable. 
“My dears,” said Professor Trelawney, sitting down in her winged armchair in front of the class and peering around at them all with her strangely enlarged eyes, “we have almost finished we work on planetary divination. 
The fire was the only source of light now. 
Professor Trelawney bent down and lifted, from under Professor Trelawney's chair, a miniature model of the solar system, contained within a glass dome. 
It was a beautiful thing; each of the moons glimmered in place around the nine planets and the fiery sun, all of them hanging in thin air beneath the glass. 
Harry watched lazily as Professor Trelawney began to point out the fascinating angle Mars was making to Neptune. 
The heavily perfumed fumes washed over Harry, and the breeze from the window played across Harry's face. 
Harry could hear an insect humming gently somewhere behind the curtain. 
Harry eyelids began to droop. 
He was riding on the back of an eagle owl, soaring through the clear blue sky toward an old, ivy-covered house set high on a hillside. 
Lower and lower they flew, the wind blowing pleasantly in Harry’s face, until they reached a dark and broken window in the upper story of the house and entered. 
Now they were flying along a gloomy passageway, to a room at the very end through the door they went, into a dark room whose windows were boarded up. 
Harry had left the owl’s back Harry was watching, now, as it fluttered across the room, into a chair with its back to Harry. 
There were two dark shapes on the floor beside the chair both of them were stirring . 
One was a huge snake the other was a man a short, balding man, a man with watery eyes and a pointed nose he was wheezing and sobbing on the hearth rug . 
“You are in luck, Wormtail,” said a cold, high-pitched voice from the depths of the chair in which the owl had landed. 
“You are very fortunate indeed. 
“My Lord, I am 1 am so pleased and so sorry. 
“Crucio\” said the cold voice. 
Wormtail screamed, screamed as though every nerve in Wormtail's body were on fire, the screaming filled Harry’s ears as the scar on Harry's forehead seared with pain; Harry was yelling too. 
Voldemort would hear Voldemort, would know Voldemort was there. 
“Harry! 
He was lying on the floor of Professor Trelawney’s room with He's hands over He's face. 
He scar was still burning so badly that He's eyes were watering. 
The pain had been real. 
The whole class was standing around him, and Ron was kneeling next to him, looking terrified. 
“You all right?” he said. 
“Of course he isn’t!” said Professor Trelawney, looking thoroughly excited. 
Her great eyes loomed over Harry, gazing at Harry. 
“What was it, Potter? 
He sat up. 
He could feel He shaking. 
He couldn’t stop He from looking around, into the shadows behind He; Voldemort’s voice had sounded so close. 
“You were clutching your scar!” said Professor Trelawney. 
“You were rolling on the floor, clutching your scar! 
“I need to go to the hospital wing, I think,” he said. 
“Bad headache.” “My dear, you were undoubtedly stimulated by the extraordinary clairvoyant vibrations of my room!” said Professor Trelawney “If you leave now, you may lose the opportunity to see further than you have ever — ” “I don’t want to see anything except a headache cure,” said Harry. 
Harry stood up. 
The class backed away. 
They all looked unnerved. 
“See you later,” Harry muttered to Ron, and Harry picked up Harry's bag and headed for the trapdoor, ignoring Professor Trelawney, who was wearing an expression of great frustration, as though she had just been denied a real treat. 
When Harry reached the bottom of shis stepladder, however, Harry did not set off for the hospital wing. 
Harry had no intention whatsoever of going there. 
Sirius had told Harry what to do if Harry's scar hurt Harry again, and Harry was going to follow Harry's advice: Harry was going straight to Dumbledore’s office. 
Harry marched down the corridors, thinking about what Harry had seen in the dream it had been as vivid as the one that had awoken Harry on Privet Drive. 
Harry ran over the details in Harry's mind, trying to make sure Harry could remember them. 
Harry had heard Voldemort accusing Wormtail of making a blunder but the owl had brought good news, the blunder had been repaired, somebody was dead so Wormtail was not going to be fed to the snake he, Harry, was going to be fed to it instead. 
Harry had walked right past the stone gargoyle guarding the entrance to Dumbledore’s office without noticing. 
Harry blinked, looked around, realized what Harry had done, and retraced Harry's steps, stopping in front of it. 
Then Harry remembered that Harry didn’t know the password. 
“Sherbet lemon?” he tried tentatively. 
The gargoyle did not move. 
“Okay,” said Harry, staring at it, “Pear Drop. 
“I really need to see him, it’s urgent!” The gargoyle remained immovable. 
Harry kicked The gargoyle, achieving nothing but an excruciating pain in Harry's big toe. 
“Chocolate Frog!” Chocolate Frog! 
“Sugar Quill! 
Harry blinked. 
“Cockroach Cluster?” he said, amazed. 
“I was only joking. 
He could hear voices from inside the office. 
He stepped off the moving staircase and hesitated, listening. 
“Dumbledore, I’m afraid I don’t see the connection, don’t see the connection at all!” It was the voice of the Minister of Magic, Cornelius Fudge. 
“Ludo says Bertha’s perfectly capable of getting herself lost. 
“I see two possibilities, Alastor,” said Fudge. 
“Either Crouch has finally cracked — more than likely, I’m sure you’ll agree, given Crouch's personal history — lost Crouch's mind, and gone wandering off somewhere — ” “He wandered extremely quickly, if that is the case, Cornelius,” said Dumbledore calmly. 
“Or else — well ” Fudge sounded embarrassed. 
“Well, I’ll reserve judgment until after I’ve seen the place where he was found, but you say it was just past the Beauxbatons carriage? 
“Dumbledore, come!” said Fudge angrily. 
“Don’t you think you might be prejudiced in her favor because of Hagrid? 
“I think it possible that it is you who are prejudiced, Cornelius.” “Can we wrap up this discussion?” growled Moody. 
“Yes, yes, let’s go down to the grounds, then,” said Fudge impatiently. 
“No, it’s not that,” said Moody, “it’s just that Potter wants a word with you, Dumbledore. 
“Hello, Potter,” said Moody. 
“Come in, then.” Harry walked inside. 
Harry had been inside Dumbledore’s office once before; it was a very beautiful, circular room, lined with pictures of previous headmasters and headmistresses of Hogwarts, all of whom were fast asleep, all of whom's chests rising and falling gently. 
Cornelius Fudge was standing beside Dumbledore’s desk, wearing Cornelius Fudge] usual pinstriped cloak and holding his lime-green bowler hat. 
“Harry!” said Fudge jovially, moving forward. 
“How are you?” “Fine,” Harry lied. 
“We were just talking about the night when Mister Crouch turned up on the grounds,” said Fudge. 
“It was you who found him, was it not?” “Yes,” said Harry. 
Then, feeling it was pointless to pretend that he hadn’t overheard what they had been saying, he added, “I didn’t see Madame Maxime anywhere, though, and Madame Maxime’d have a job hiding, wouldn’t Madame Maxime?” Dumbledore smiled at Harry behind Fudge’s back, Dumbledore's eyes twinkling. 
“Yes, well,” said Fudge, looking embarrassed, “we’re about to go for a short walk on the grounds, Harry, if you’ll excuse we perhaps if you just go back to your class — ” “I wanted to talk to you, Professor,” Harry said quickly, looking at Dumbledore, who gave him a swift, searching look. 
“Wait here for me, Harry,” he said. 
“Our examination of the grounds will not take long.” They trooped out in silence past him and closed the door. 
After a minute or so, Harry heard the clunks of Moody’s wooden leg growing fainter in the corridor below. 
Harry looked around. 
“Hello, Fawkes,” Harry said. 
Fawkes, Professor Dumbledore’s phoenix, was standing on his golden perch beside the door. 
The size of a swan, with magnificent scarlet-and-gold plumage, he swished his long tail and blinked benignly at Harry. 
Harry sat down in a chair in front of Dumbledore’s desk. 
For several minutes, Harry sat and watched the old headmasters and headmistresses snoozing in the old headmasters's frames, thinking about what Harry had just heard, and running Harry's fingers over Harry's scar. 
It had stopped hurting now. 
He felt much calmer, somehow, now that He was in Dumbledore’s office, knowing He would shortly be telling He about the dream. 
Harry looked up at the walls behind the desk. 
The patched and ragged Sorting Hat was standing on a shelf. 
A glass case next to it held a magnificent silver sword with large rubies set into the hilt, which Harry recognized as the one he himself had pulled out of the Sorting Hat in his second year. 
The sword had once belonged to Godric Gryffindor, founder of Harry’s House. 
He was gazing at it, remembering how it had come to He's aid when He had thought all hope was lost, when He noticed a patch of silvery light, dancing and shimmering on the glass case. 
He looked around for the source of the light and saw a sliver of silver-white shining brightly from within a black cabinet behind him, whose door had not been closed properly. 
Harry hesitated, glanced at Fawkes, then got up, walked across the office, and pulled open the cabinet door. 
A shallow stone basin lay there, with odd carvings around the edge: runes and symbols that Harry did not recognize. 
The silvery light was coming from the basin’s contents, which were like nothing Harry had ever seen before. 
Harry could not tell whether the substance was liquid or gas. 
It was a bright, whitish silver, and It was moving ceaselessly; the surface of it became ruffled like water beneath wind, and then, like clouds, separated and swirled smoothly. 
It looked like light made liquid — or like wind made solid — Harry couldn’t make up — Harry's mind. 
He wanted to touch it, to find out what it felt like, but nearly four years’ experience of the magical world told him that sticking him's hand into a bowl full of some unknown substance was a very stupid thing to do. 
him therefore pulled him's wand out of the inside of him's robes, cast a nervous look around the office, looked back at the contents of the basin, and prodded them. 
The surface of the silvery stuff inside the basin began to swirl very fast. 
Harry bent closer, Harry's head right inside the cabinet. 
The silvery substance had become transparent; The silvery substance looked like glass. 
He looked down into The silvery substance, expecting to see the stone bottom of the basin — and saw instead an enormous room below the surface of the mysterious substance, a room into which He seemed to be looking through a circular window in the ceiling. 
The room was dimly lit; He thought The room might even be underground, for there were no windows, merely torches in brackets such as the ones that illuminated the walls of Hogwarts. 
Lowering He's face so that He's nose was a mere inch away from the glassy substance, Harry saw that rows and rows of witches and wizards were seated around every wall on what seemed to be benches rising in levels. 
An empty chair stood in the very center of the room. 
There was something about the chair that gave Harry an ominous feeling. 
Chains encircled the arms of Chains, as though Chains occupants were usually tied to it. 
Where was this place? 
It surely wasn’t Hogwarts; he had never seen a room like that here in the castle. 
Moreover, the crowd in the mysterious room at the bottom of the basin was comprised of adults, and Harry knew there were not nearly that many teachers at Hogwarts. 
many teachers at Hogwarts seemed, Harry thought, to be waiting for something; even though Harry could only see the tops of many teachers at Hogwarts's hats, all of their faces seemed to be pointing in one direction, and none of them were talking to one another. 
The basin being circular, and the room he was observing square, Harry could not make out what was going on in the corners of it. 
Harry leaned even closer, tilting Harry's head, trying to see The tip of Harry's nose touched the strange substance into which Harry was staring. 
Dumbledore’s office gave an almighty lurch — Harry was thrown forward and pitched headfirst into the substance inside the basin — But — Harry's head did not hit the stone bottom. 
head was falling through something icy-cold and black; it was like being sucked into a dark whirlpool — And suddenly, — Harry found — Harry sitting on a bench at the end of the room inside the basin, a bench raised high above the others.'s 
— Harry looked up at the high stone ceiling, expecting to see the circular window through which — Harry had just been staring, but there was nothing there but dark, solid stone. 
Breathing hard and fast, Harry looked around Harry. 
Not one of the witches and wizards in the room (and there were at least two hundred of them) was looking at Harry. 
Not one of them seemed to have noticed that a fourteen-year- old boy had just dropped from the ceiling into them's midst. 
Harry turned to the wizard next to Harry on the bench and uttered a loud cry of surprise that reverberated around the silent room. 
Harry was sitting right next to Albus Dumbledore. 
“Professor!” Harry said in a kind of strangled whisper. 
“I’m sorry — I didn’t mean to — I was just looking at that basin in your cabinet — I — where are we?” But Dumbledore didn’t move or speak. 
Dumbledore ignored Harry completely. 
Like every other wizard on the benches, Dumbledore was staring into the far corner of the room, where there was a door. 
Harry gazed, nonplussed, at Dumbledore, then around at the silently watchful crowd, then back at Dumbledore. 
And then it dawned on Harry. 
Once before, Harry had found Harry somewhere that nobody could see or hear Harry. 
That time, Harry had fallen through a page in an enchanted diary, right into somebody else’s memory and unless Harry was very much mistaken, something of the sort had happened again. 
Harry raised Harry's right hand, hesitated, and then waved it energetically in front of Dumbledore ’s face. 
Dumbledore did not blink, look around at Harry, or indeed move at all. 
And that, in Harry’s opinion, settled the matter. 
Dumbledore wouldn’t ignore Dumbledore like that. 
Dumbledore was inside a memory, and this was not the present-day Dumbledore. 
Yet it couldn’t be that long ago Dumbledore Dumbledore sitting next to Dumbledore Dumbledore now was silver-haired, just like the present-day Dumbledore. 
But what was this place? 
What were all these wizards waiting for? 
Harry looked around more carefully. 
The room, as Harry had suspected when observing it from above, was almost certainly underground — more of a dungeon than a room, Harry thought. 
There was a bleak and forbidding air about the place; there were no pictures on the walls, no decorations at all; just these serried rows of benches, rising in levels all around the room, all positioned so that they had a clear view of that chair with the chains on its arms. 
Before Harry could reach any conclusions about the place in which they were, Harry heard footsteps. 
The door in the corner of the dungeon opened and three people entered — or at least one man, flanked by two dementors. 
Harry’s insides went cold. 
The dementors — tall, hooded creatures whose faces were concealed — were gliding slowly toward the chair in the center of the room, each grasping one of the man’s arms with their dead and rotten-looking hands. 
The man between them looked as though he was about to faint, and Harry couldn’t blame Harry knew the dementors could not touch Harry inside a memory, but Harry remembered their power only too well. 
The watching crowd recoiled slightly as the dementors placed the man in the chained chair and glided back out of the room. 
The door swung shut behind them. 
Harry looked down at the man now sitting in the chair and saw that it was Karkaroff. 
Unlike Dumbledore, Karkaroff looked much younger; Karkaroff's hair and goatee were black. 
He was not dressed in sleek furs, but in thin and ragged robes. 
He was shaking. 
Even as Harry watched, the chains on the arms of the chair glowed suddenly gold and snaked their way up Karkaroff’s arms, binding him there. 
“Igor Karkaroff,” said a curt voice to Harry’s left. 
Harry looked around and saw Mister Crouch standing up in the middle of the bench beside Harry. 
Mister Crouch’s hair was dark, his face was much less lined, his looked fit and alert. 
“You have been brought from Azkaban to present evidence to the Ministry of Magic. 
“I have, sir,” he said, and although his voice was very scared, Harry could still hear the familiar unctuous note in it. 
“I wish to be of use to the Ministry. 
Some of the wizards and witches were surveying Karkaroff with interest, others with pronounced mistrust. 
Then Harry heard, quite distinctly, from Dumbledore’s other side, a familiar, growling voice saying, “Filth.” Harry leaned forward so that Harry could see past Dumbledore. 
Mad-Eye Moody was sitting there — except that there was a very noticeable difference in his appearance. 
his did not have his magical eye, but two normal ones. 
Both were looking down upon Karkaroff, and Both were narrowed in intense dislike. 
“Crouch is going to let Crouch out,” Moody breathed quietly to Dumbledore. 
“He’s done a deal with He. 
“Ah, I was forgetting you don’t like the dementors, do you, Albus?” said Moody with a sardonic smile. 
“No,” said Dumbledore calmly, “I’m afraid I don’t. 
“You say you have names for us, Karkaroff,” said Mister Crouch. 
“Let us hear them, please.” “You must understand,” said Karkaroff hurriedly, “that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named operated always in the greatest secrecy . 
“ — we never knew the names of every one of our fellows — He alone knew exactly who we all were — ” “Which was a wise move, wasn’t it, as it prevented someone like you, Karkaroff, from turning all of them in,” muttered Moody. 
“Yet you say you have some names for us?” said Mister Crouch. 
“I — I do,” said Karkaroff breathlessly. 
“And these were important supporters, mark you. 
Karkaroff drew a deep breath. 
“There was Antonin Dolohov,” he said. 
“I — I saw him torture countless Muggles and — and non-supporters of Voldemort.” “And helped him do it,” murmured Moody. 
“We have already apprehended Dolohov,” said Crouch. 
“He was caught shortly after yourself.” “Indeed?” said Karkaroff, his eyes widening. 
“I — I am delighted to hear it!” But it! 
Harry could tell that this news had come as a real blow to Harry. 
One of his names was worthless. 
“Any others?” said Crouch coldly. 
“Why, yes there was Rosier,” said Karkaroff hurriedly. 
“Evan Rosier.” “Evan Rosier is dead,” said Crouch. 
“He was caught shortly after you were too. 
Harry looked around at Harry once more, and saw Harry indicating the large chunk out of Harry's nose to Dumbledore. 
“No — no more than Rosier deserved!” said Karkaroff, a real note of panic in his voice now. 
Harry could see that Harry was starting to worry that none of Harry's information would be of any use to the Ministry. 
Karkaroff’s eyes darted toward the door in the corner, behind which the dementors undoubtedly still stood, waiting. 
“Any more?” said Crouch. 
“Yes!” said Karkaroff. 
“There was Travers — Travers helped murder the McKinnons! 
The watching crowd was all murmuring together. 
“Rookwood?” said Mister Crouch, nodding to a witch sitting in front of him, who began scribbling upon her piece of parchment. 
“Augustus Rookwood of the Department of Mysteries?” “The very same,” said Karkaroff eagerly. 
“I believe he used a network of well-placed wizards, both inside the Ministry and out, to collect information — ” “But Travers and Mulciber we have,” said Mister Crouch. 
“Very well, Karkaroff, if that is all, you will be returned to Azkaban while we decide — ” “Not yet!” cried Karkaroff, looking quite desperate. 
“Wait, I have more!” Harry could see Harry sweating in the torchlight, Harry's white skin contrasting strongly with the black of Harry's hair and beard. 
“Snape!” Snape! 
“Severus Snape!” “Severus Snape has been cleared by this council,” said Crouch disdainfully. 
““Severus Snape has been vouched for by Albus Dumbledore.” “No!” shouted Karkaroff, straining at the chains that bound “Severus Snape to the chair. 
“I assure you! 
“I have given evidence already on this matter,” he said calmly. 
“Severus Snape was indeed a Death Eater. 
Severus Snape was wearing a look of deep skepticism behind Dumbledore ’s back. 
“Very well, Karkaroff,” Crouch said coldly, “you have been of assistance. 
Harry looked around; the dungeon was dissolving as though it were made of smoke; everything was fading; Harry could see only his own body — all else was swirling darkness. 
And then, the dungeon returned. 
Harry was sitting in a different seat, still on the highest bench, but now to the left side of Mister Crouch. 
The atmosphere seemed quite different: relaxed, even cheerful. 
The witches and wizards all around the walls were talking to one another, almost as though The witches and wizards all around the walls the walls were at some sort of sporting event. 
Harry noticed a witch halfway up the rows of benches opposite. 
She had short blonde hair, was wearing magenta robes, and was sucking the end of an acid-green quill. 
It was, unmistakably, a younger Rita Skeeter. 
Harry looked around; Dumbledore was sitting beside Harry again, wearing different robes. 
Mister Crouch looked more tired and somehow fiercer, gaunter. 
Harry understood. 
It was a different memory, a different day a different trial. 
The door in the corner opened, and Ludo Bagman walked into the room. 
This was not, however, a Ludo Bagman gone to seed, but a Ludo Bagman who was clearly at the height of his Quidditch-playing fitness. 
His nose wasn’t broken now; His was tall and lean and muscular. 
Bagman looked nervous as Bagman sat down in the chained chair, but Bagman did not bind Bagman there as it had bound Karkaroff, and Bagman, perhaps taking heart from this, glanced around at the watching crowd, waved at a couple of them, and managed a small smile. 
“Ludo Bagman, you have been brought here in front of the Council of Magical Law to answer charges relating to the activities of the Death Eaters,” said Mister Crouch. 
“We have heard the evidence against you, and are about to reach We verdict. 
Ludo Bagman, a Death Eater? 
“Only,” said Bagman, smiling awkwardly, “well — I know I’ve been a bit of an idiot — ” One or two wizards and witches in the surrounding seats smiled indulgently. 
Mister Crouch did not appear to share their feelings. 
Mister Crouch was staring down at Ludo Bagman with an expression of the utmost severity and dislike. 
“You never spoke a truer word, boy,” someone muttered dryly to Dumbledore behind Harry. 
He looked around and saw Moody sitting there again. 
“If I didn’t know he’d always been dim, I’d have said some of those Bludgers had permanently affected ’d's brain. 
“For this, I suggest a term of imprisonment in Azkaban lasting no less than — ” But there was an angry outcry from the surrounding benches. 
Several of the witches and wizards around the walls stood up, shaking their heads, and even their fists, at Mister Crouch. 
“But I’ve told you, I had no idea!” Bagman called earnestly over the crowd’s babble, Bagman's round blue eyes widening. 
“None at all! 
“It will be put to the vote,” said Mister Crouch coldly. 
He turned to the right-hand side of the dungeon. 
“The jury will please raise their hands those in favor of imprisonment ” Harry looked toward the right-hand side of the dungeon. 
Not one person raised their hand. 
Many of the witches and wizards around the walls began to clap. 
One of the witches on the jury stood up. 
“Yes?” barked Crouch. 
“We’d just like to congratulate Mister Bagman on his splendid performance for England in the Quidditch match against Turkey last Saturday,” the witch said breathlessly. 
Mister Crouch looked furious. 
The dungeon was ringing with applause now. 
Bagman got to Bagman's feet and bowed, beaming. 
“Despicable,” Mister Crouch spat at Dumbledore, sitting down as Bagman walked out of the dungeon. 
“Rookwood get him a job indeed. 
When it had returned, Harry looked around. 
Harry and Dumbledore were still sitting beside Mister Crouch, but the atmosphere could not have been more different. 
There was total silence, broken only by the dry sobs of a frail, wispy-looking witch in the seat next to Mister Crouch. 
She was clutching a handkerchief to Shis mouth with trembling hands. 
Harry looked up at Crouch and saw that Harry looked gaunter and grayer than ever before. 
A nerve was twitching in Harry's temple. 
“Bring them in,” he said, and his voice echoed through the silent dungeon. 
The door in the corner opened yet again. 
Six dementors entered this time, flanking a group of four people. 
Harry saw the people in the crowd turn to look up at Mister Crouch. 
A few of the people in the crowd whispered to one another. 
The dementors placed each of the four people in the four chairs with chained arms that now stood on the dungeon floor. 
There was a thickset man who stared blankly up at Crouch; a thinner and more nervous- looking man, whose eyes were darting around the crowd; a woman with thick, shining dark hair and heavily hooded eyes, who was sitting in the chained chair as though it were a throne; and a boy in his late teens, who looked nothing short of petrified. 
He was shivering, He's straw-colored hair all over He's face, He's freckled skin milk-white. 
The wispy little witch beside Crouch began to rock backward and forward in her seat, whimpering into her handkerchief. 
Crouch stood up. 
Crouch looked down upon the four in front of Crouch, and there was pure hatred in Crouch's face. 
“You have been brought here before the Council of Magical Law,” he said clearly, “so that we may pass judgment on you, for a crime so heinous — ” “Father,” said the boy with the straw-colored hair. 
“Father please ” “ — that we have rarely heard the like of it within this court,” said Crouch, speaking more loudly, drowning out his son’s voice. 
“We have heard the evidence against you. 
“I didn’t, I swear it, Father, don’t send me back to the dementors — ” “You are further accused,” bellowed Mister Crouch, “of using the Cruciatus Curse on Frank Longbottom’s wife, when Frank Longbottom’s would not give you information. 
“Mother, stop him, Mother, I didn’t do it, it wasn’t me!” “I now ask the jury,” shouted Mister Crouch, “to raise their hands if their believe, as I do, that these crimes deserve a life sentence in Azkaban!” In unison, the witches and wizards along the right- hand side of the dungeon raised their hands. 
The crowd around the walls began to clap as it had for Bagman, The crowd around the walls's faces full of savage triumph. 
The boy began to scream. 
“No! 
The boys’ three companions rose quietly from their seats; the woman with the heavy-lidded eyes looked up at Crouch and called, “The Dark Lord will rise again, Crouch! 
The crowd was jeering, some of The crowd on The crowd's feet, as the woman swept out of the dungeon, and the boy continued to struggle. 
“I’m your son!” he screamed up at Crouch. 
“I’m your son!” “You are no son of mine!” bellowed Mister Crouch, no son of mine!”'s eyes bulging suddenly. 
“I have no son!” The wispy witch beside him gave a great gasp and slumped in her seat. 
her had fainted. 
Crouch appeared not to have noticed. 
“Take them away!” Crouch roared at the dementors, spit flying from his mouth. 
“Take them away, and may them rot there!” “Father! 
Harry started. 
Harry looked around. 
Then Harry looked on Harry's other side. 
There was an Albus Dumbledore sitting on his right, watching Crouch’s son being dragged away by the dementors — and there was an Albus Dumbledore on his left, looking right at an Albus Dumbledore on his. 
“Come,” said the an Albus Dumbledore on his on his left, and his put his hand under Harry’s elbow. 
Harry felt Harry rising into the air; the dungeon dissolved around Harry; for a moment, all was blackness, and then Harry felt as though Harry had done a slow-motion somersault, suddenly landing flat on Harry's feet, in what seemed like the dazzling light of Dumbledore ’s sunlit office. 
The stone basin was shimmering in the cabinet in front of him, and Dumbledore was standing beside him. 
“Professor,” Harry gasped, “I know I shouldn’t’ve — I didn’t mean — the cabinet door was sort of open and “I quite understand,” said Dumbledore. 
Dumbledore lifted the basin, carried it over to Dumbledore's desk, placed it upon the polished top, and sat down in the chair behind it. 
Dumbledore motioned for Harry to sit down opposite Harry. 
Harry did so, staring at the stone basin. 
The contents had returned to their original, silvery-white state, swirling and rippling beneath Harry's gaze. 
“What is it?” Harry asked shakily. 
“This? 
“I sometimes find, and I am sure you know the feeling, that I simply have too many thoughts and memories crammed into my mind.” “Er,” said Harry, who couldn’t truthfully say that he had ever felt anything of the sort. 
“At these times,” said Dumbledore, indicating the stone basin, “I use the Pensieve. 
“Certainly,” said Dumbledore. 
“Let me show you.” Dumbledore drew Dumbledore's wand out of the inside of Dumbledore's robes and placed the tip into his own silvery hair, near his temple. 
When he took the wand away, hair seemed to be clinging to the wand — but then Harry saw that it was in fact a glistening strand of the same strange silvery-white substance that filled the Pensieve. 
Dumbledore added this fresh thought to the basin, and Harry, astonished, saw Dumbledore's own face swimming around the surface of the bowl. 
Dumbledore placed Dumbledore's long hands on either side of the Pensieve and swirled it, rather as a gold prospector would pan for fragments of gold and Harry saw Dumbledore's own face change smoothly into Snape’s, who opened his mouth and spoke to the ceiling, his voice echoing slightly. 
“It’s coming back Karkaroff’s too stronger and clearer than ever ” “A connection I could have made without assistance,” Dumbledore sighed, “but never mind.” Dumbledore peered over the top of Dumbledore's half-moon spectacles at Harry, who was gaping at Snape’s face, which was continuing to swirl around the bowl. 
“I was using the Pensieve when Mister Fudge arrived for our meeting and put it away rather hastily. 
Dumbledore shook Dumbledore's head. 
“Curiosity is not a sin,” he said. 
“But we should exercise caution with our curiosity yes, indeed ” Frowning slightly, he prodded the thoughts within the basin with the tip of his wand. 
Instantly, a figure rose out of it, a plump, scowling girl of about sixteen, who began to revolve slowly, with her feet still in the basin. 
her took no notice whatsoever of Harry or Professor Dumbledore. 
When her spoke, her voice echoed as Snape’s had done, as though it were coming from the depths of the stone basin. 
“He put a hex on me, Professor Dumbledore, and I was only teasing him, sir. 
“Is that — was that Bertha Jorkins?” “Yes,” said Professor Dumbledore, prodding the thoughts in the basin again; Bertha sank back into them, and them became silvery and opaque once more. 
“That was Bertha as I remember her at school.” The silvery light from the Pensieve illuminated Dumbledore’s face, and it struck Harry suddenly how very old Harry was looking. 
very old Harry knew, of course, that Dumbledore was getting on in years, but somehow very old Harry never really thought of Dumbledore as an old man. 
“So, Harry,” said Dumbledore quietly. 
“Before you got lost in my thoughts, you wanted to tell me something.” “Yes,” said Harry. 
“Professor — I was in Divination just now, and — er — I fell asleep.” He hesitated here, wondering if a reprimand was coming, but Dumbledore merely said, “Quite understandable. 
“A dream about Lord Voldemort. 
“Please continue.” “Voldemort got a letter from an owl. 
“It woke me up, It hurt so badly.” Dumbledore merely looked at Dumbledore. 
“Er — that’s all,” said Harry. 
“I see,” said Dumbledore quietly. 
“I see. 
“You are not Sirius’s only correspondent,” said Dumbledore. 
“I have also been in contact with Dumbledore ever since Dumbledore left Hogwarts last year. 
Every now and then, he placed his wand tip to his temple, removed another shining silver thought, and added another shining silver thought to the Pensieve. 
The thoughts inside began to swirl so fast that Harry couldn’t make out anything clearly: It was merely a blur of color. 
“Professor?” he said quietly, after a couple of minutes. 
Dumbledore stopped pacing and looked at Harry. 
“My apologies,” Dumbledore said quietly. 
Dumbledore sat back down at Dumbledore's desk. 
“D’you — D’you know why my scar’s hurting me?” Dumbledore looked very intently at Harry for a moment, and then said, “I have a theory, no more than that. 
“That is no ordinary scar.” “So you think that dream did it really happen?” “It is possible,” said Dumbledore. 
“I would say — probable. 
“Just the back of his chair. 
“How indeed?” muttered Dumbledore. 
“How indeed Neither Dumbledore nor Harry spoke for a while. 
It was the characteristic, piercing look Dumbledore had given Dumbledore on other occasions, and always made Harry feel as though Dumbledore were seeing right through Dumbledore in a way that even Moody’s magical eye could not. 
“Once again, Harry, I can only give you my suspicions.” Dumbledore sighed again, and Dumbledore looked older, and wearier, than ever. 
“The years of Voldemort’s ascent to power,” he said, “were marked with disappearances. 
“disappearances seem to he to be linked. 
Silence fell between them again, Dumbledore extracting thoughts every now and then. 
Harry felt as though Harry ought to go, but Harry's curiosity held Harry in Harry's chair. 
“Professor?” he said again. 
“Yes, Harry?” said Dumbledore. 
“Er could I ask you about that court thing I was in in the Pensieve?” “You could,” said Dumbledore heavily. 
“I attended it many times, but some trials come back to me more clearly than others particularly now. 
“Has Neville never told you why Neville has been brought up by Neville's grandmother?” he said. 
Harry shook Harry's head, wondering, as Harry did so, how Harry could have failed to ask Neville this, in almost four years of knowing Harry. 
“Yes, they were talking about Neville’s parents,” said Dumbledore. 
“His father, Frank, was an Auror just like Professor Moody. 
“No,” said Dumbledore, his voice full of a bitterness Harry had never heard there before. 
“They are insane. 
He had never known never, in four years, bothered to find out “The Longbottoms were very popular,” said Dumbledore. 
“The attacks on them came after Voldemort’s fall from power, just when everyone thought they were safe. 
Dumbledore shook Dumbledore's head. 
“As to that, I have no idea.” Harry sat in silence once more, watching the contents of the Pensieve swirl. 
There were two more questions Harry was burning to ask but they concerned the guilt of living people. 
“Er,” he said, “Mister Bagman ” " has never been accused of any Dark activity since,” said Dumbledore calmly. 
“Right,” said Harry hastily, staring at the contents of the Pensieve again, which were swirling more slowly now that Dumbledore had stopped adding thoughts. 
“And er ” But the Pensieve seemed to be asking the Pensieve's question for the Pensieve. 
Snape’s face was swimming on the surface again. 
Dumbledore glanced down into Snape’s face, and then up at Harry. 
“No more has Professor Snape,” he said. 
Harry looked into Dumbledore ’s light blue eyes, and the thing Harry really wanted to know spilled out of Harry's mouth before Harry could stop it. 
“What made you think Harry’d really stopped supporting Voldemort, Professor?” Dumbledore held Harry’s gaze for a few seconds, and then said, “That, Harry, is a matter between Professor Snape and myself.” Harry knew that the interview was over; Dumbledore did not look angry, yet there was a finality in Dumbledore's tone that told Harry it was time to go. 
Harry stood up, and so did Dumbledore. 
“Harry,” he said as Harry reached the door. 
“Please do not speak about Neville’s parents to anybody else. 
“And — ” Harry looked back. 
Dumbledore was standing over the Pensieve, Dumbledore's face lit from beneath by its silvery spots of light, looking older than ever. 
Dumbledore stared at Harry for a moment, and then said, “Good luck with the third task.” “Dumbledore reckons You- Know- Who’s getting stronger again as well?” Ron whispered. 
Everything Harry had seen in the Pensieve, nearly everything Dumbledore had told and shown Harry afterward, Harry had now shared with Ron and Hermione — and, of course, with Sirius, to whom Harry had sent an owl the moment he had left Dumbledore’s office. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat up late in the common room once again that night, talking it all over until Harry’s mind was reeling, until Harry understood what Dumbledore had meant about a head becoming so full of thoughts that it would have been a relief to siphon them off. 
Ron stared into the common room fire. 
Harry thought Harry saw Ron shiver slightly, even though the evening was warm. 
“And he trusts Snape?” Ron said. 
“he really trusts Snape, even though he knows he was a Death Eater?” “Yes,” said Harry. 
Hermione had not spoken for ten minutes. 
Hermione was sitting with Hermione's forehead in Hermione's hands, staring at Hermione's knees. 
Harry thought Hermione too looked as though Hermione could have done with a Pensieve. 
“Rita Skeeter,” Rita Skeeter muttered finally. 
“How can you be worrying about her now?” said Ron, in utter disbelief. 
“I’m not worrying about her,” Hermione said to her knees. 
“I’m just thinking remember what Hermione said to me in the Three Broomsticks? 
“And Fudge reckons Madame Maxime attacked Crouch?” Ron said, turning back to Harry. 
“Yeah,” said Harry, “but Harry’s only saying that because Crouch disappeared near the Beauxbatons carriage.” “We never thought of her, did We?” said Ron slowly. 
“Mind you, her’s definitely got giant blood, and her doesn’t want to admit it — ” “Of course her doesn’t,” said Hermione sharply, looking up. 
“Look what happened to Hagrid when Rita found out about his mother. 
“We haven’t done any practicing!” she said, looking shocked. 
“We were going to do the Impediment Curse! 
As Harry pulled on Harry's pajamas, Harry looked over at Neville’s bed. 
True to his word to Dumbledore, he had not told Ron and Hermione about Neville’s parents. 
As Harry took off his glasses and climbed into his four-poster, his imagined how it must feel to have parents still living but unable to recognize you. 
his often got sympathy from strangers for being an orphan, but as his listened to Neville’s snores, his thought that Neville deserved it more than Neville did. 
Lying in the darkness, Harry felt a rush of anger and hate toward the people who had tortured Mister and Mistress Longbottom. 
Harry remembered the jeers of the crowd as Crouch’s son and Harry's companions had been dragged from the court by the dementors. 
Harry understood how they had felt. 
Then Harry remembered the milk-white face of the screaming boy and realized with a jolt that he had died a year later. 
It was Voldemort, Harry thought, staring up at the canopy of Harry's bed in the darkness, it all came back to Voldemort. 
Voldemort was the one who had torn these families apart, who had ruined all these lives. 
Ron and Hermione were supposed to be studying for Ron and Hermione's exams, which would finish on the day of the third task, but Ron and Hermione were putting most of Ron and Hermione's efforts into helping Harry prepare. 
“Don’t worry about it,” Hermione said shortly when Harry pointed this out to them and said Harry didn’t mind practicing on Harry's own for a while, “at least we’ll get top marks in Defense Against the Dark Arts. 
The mood in the castle as they entered June became excited and tense again. 
Everyone was looking forward to the third task, which would take place a week before the end of term. 
Harry was practicing hexes at every available moment. 
Harry felt more confident about this task than either of the others. 
Difficult and dangerous though it would undoubtedly be, Moody was right: Harry had managed to find Harry's way past monstrous creatures and enchanted barriers before now, and this time Harry had some notice, some chance to prepare Harry for what lay ahead. 
Tired of walking in on Harry, Hermione, and Ron all over the school, Professor McGonagall had given them permission to use the empty Transfiguration classroom at lunchtimes. 
Harry had soon mastered the Impediment Curse, a spell to slow down and obstruct attackers; the Reductor Curse, which would enable Harry to blast solid objects out of Harry's way; and the Four-Point Spell, a useful discovery of Hermione’s that would make his wand point due north, therefore enabling his to check whether his was going in the right direction within the maze. 
his was still having trouble with the Shield Charm, though. 
This was supposed to cast a temporary, invisible wall around his that deflected minor curses; Hermione managed to shatter it with a well-placed Jelly-Legs Jinx, and Harry wobbled around the room for ten minutes afterward before she had looked up the counter-jinx. 
“You’re still doing really well, though,” Hermione said encouragingly, looking down Hermione's list and crossing off those spells they had already learned. 
“Some of these are bound to come in handy.” “Come and look at this,” said Ron, who was standing by the window. 
He was staring down onto the grounds. 
“What’s Malfoy doing?” Harry and Hermione went to see. 
Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were standing in the shadow of a tree below. 
Crabbe and Goyle seemed to be keeping a lookout; both were smirking. 
Malfoy was holding Malfoy's hand up to Malfoy's mouth and speaking into his mouth. 
“He looks like He’s using a walkie-talkie,” said Harry curiously. 
“He can’t be,” said Hermione, “I’ve told you, those sorts of things don’t work around Hogwarts. 
Like Hermione, he seemed to want to concentrate on getting Harry through the last task before they concerned they with anything else. 
he reminded Harry in every letter that whatever might be going on outside the walls of Hogwarts was not Harry’s responsibility, nor was it within Harry's power to influence it. 
If Voldemort is really getting stronger again, Voldemort wrote, my priority is to ensure your safety. 
Voldemort cannot hope to lay hands on you while you are under Dumbledore’s protection, but all the same, take no risks : Concentrate on getting through that maze safely, and then we can turn our attention to other matters. 
Harry’s nerves mounted as June the twenty-fourth drew closer, but they were not as bad as those he had felt before the first and second tasks. 
For one thing, he was confident that, this time, he had done everything in his power to prepare for the task. 
For another, this was the final hurdle, and however well or badly he did, the tournament would at last be over, which would be an enormous relief. 
Breakfast was a very noisy affair at the Gryffindor table on the morning of the third task. 
The post owls appeared, bringing Harry a good-luck card from Sirius. 
It was only a piece of parchment, folded over and bearing a muddy paw print on its front, but Harry appreciated it all the same. 
A screech owl arrived for Hermione, carrying her morning copy of the Daily Prophet as usual. 
her unfolded the paper, glanced at the front page, and spat out a mouthful of pumpkin juice all over it. 
“What?” said Harry and Ron together, staring at her. 
“Nothing,” said Hermione quickly, trying to shove the paper out of sight, but Ron grabbed the paper. 
He stared at the headline and said, “No way. 
“Rita Skeeter again?” “No,” said Ron, and just like Hermione, he attempted to push the paper out of sight. 
“It’s about me, isn’t it?” said Harry. 
“No,” said Ron, in an entirely unconvincing tone. 
But before Harry could demand to see the paper, Draco Malfoy shouted across the Great Hall from the Slytherin table. 
“Hey, Potter! 
Slytherins up and down the table were sniggering, twisting in their seats to see Harry’s reaction. 
“Let me see it,” Harry said to Ron. 
“Give it here.” Very reluctantly, Ron handed over the newspaper. 
Harry turned it over and found Harry staring at Harry's own picture, beneath the banner headline: The boy who defeated He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is unstable and possibly dangerous, writes Rita Skeeter, Special Correspondent. 
Alarming evidence has recently come to light about Harry Potter’s strange behavior, which casts doubts upon his suitability to compete in a demanding competition like the Triwizard Tournament, or even to attend Hogwarts School. 
Potter, the Daily Prophet can exclusively reveal, regularly collapses at school, and is often heard to complain of pain in the scar on his forehead (relic of the curse with which Voldemort attempted to kill him). 
On Monday last, midway through a Divination lesson, your Daily Prophet reporter witnessed Potter storming from the class, claiming that his scar was hurting too badly to continue studying. 
It is possible, say top experts at St. Mungo’s Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries, that Potter’s brain was affected by the attack inflicted upon him by You- Know-Who, and that his insistence that the scar is still hurting is an expression of his deep-seated confusion. 
“his might even be pretending,” said one specialist. 
“This could be a plea for attention.” The Daily Prophet, however, has unearthed worrying facts about Harry Potter thatAlbus Dumbledore, Headmaster of Hogwarts, has carefully concealed from the wizarding public. 
“Potter can speak Parseltongue, ” reveals Draco Malfoy, a Hogwarts fourth year. 
“There were a lot of attacks on students a couple of years ago, and most people thought Potter was behind them after them saw him lose him's temper at a dueling club and set a snake on another boy. 
Indeed, the most famous Parselmouth of our times is none other than Voldemort himself. 
A member of the Dark Force Defense League, who wished to remain unnamed, stated that he would regard any wizard who could speak Parseltongue “as worthy of investigation. 
Some fear that Potter might resort to the Dark Arts in Potter's desperation to win the tournament, the third task of which takes place this evening. 
“Gone off me a bit, hasn’t she?” said Harry lightly, folding up the paper. 
Over at the Slytherin table, Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were laughing at him, tapping Crabbe, and Goyle's heads with Crabbe, and Goyle's fingers, pulling grotesquely mad faces, and waggling Crabbe, and Goyle's tongues like snakes. 
“How did she know your scar hurt in Divination?” Ron said. 
“There’s no way she was there, there’s no way she could’ve heard — ” “The window was open,” said Harry. 
“I opened The window to breathe.” “You were at the top of North Tower!” Hermione said. 
“Your voice couldn’t have carried all the way down to the grounds!” “Well, you’re the one who’s supposed to be researching magical methods of bugging!” said Harry. 
“You tell me how Hermione did it!” “I’ve been trying!” said Hermione. 
“But I but ” An odd, dreamy expression suddenly came over Hermione ’s face. 
She slowly raised a hand and ran Shis fingers through Shis hair. 
“Are you all right?” said Ron, frowning at her. 
“Yes,” said Hermione breathlessly. 
Hermione ran Hermione's fingers through Hermione's hair again, and then held Hermione's hand up to Hermione's mouth, as though speaking into an invisible walkie-talkie. 
Harry and Ron stared at each other. 
“I’ve had an idea,” Hermione said, gazing into space. 
“I think I know because then no one would be able to see even Moody and she’d have been able to get onto the window ledge but she’s not allowed she’s definitely not allowed I think we’ve got she! 
“Oi!” Ron called after her. 
“We’ve got We History of Magic exam in ten minutes! 
“S’pose so,” Harry said to Ron; but just then, Professor McGonagall came walking alongside the Gryffindor table toward Professor McGonagall. 
“Potter, the champions are congregating in the chamber off the Hall after breakfast,” she said. 
“But the task’s not till tonight!” said Harry, accidentally spilling scrambled eggs down Harry's front, afraid Harry had mistaken the time. 
“I’m aware of that, Potter,” she said. 
“The champions’ families are invited to watch the final task, you know. 
Harry gaped after her. 
“her doesn’t expect the Dursleys to turn up, does her?” he asked Ron blankly. 
“Dunno,” said Ron. 
“Harry, I’d better hurry, I’m going to be late for Binns. 
Harry saw Fleur Delacour get up from the Ravenclaw table and join Cedric as Harry crossed to the side chamber and entered. 
Krum slouched off to join them shortly afterward. 
Harry stayed where Harry was. 
Harry really didn’t want to go into the chamber. 
Harry had no family — no family who would turn up to see Harry risk Harry's life, anyway. 
But just as he was getting up, thinking that he might as well go up to the library and do a spot more hex research, the door of the side chamber opened, and Cedric stuck his head out. 
“Harry, come on, they’re waiting for you!” Utterly perplexed, Harry got up. 
The Dursleys couldn’t possibly be here, could they? 
He walked across the Hall and opened the door into the chamber. 
Cedric and Cedric's parents were just inside the door. 
Viktor Krum was over in a corner, conversing with Viktor Krum's dark-haired mother and father in rapid Bulgarian. 
Viktor Krum had inherited Viktor Krum's father’s hooked nose. 
On the other side of the room, Fleur was jabbering away in French to Fleur's mother. 
Fleur’s little sister, Gabrielle, was holding her mother’s hand. 
She waved at Harry, who waved back, grinning. 
Then he saw Molly and Bill standing in front of the fireplace, beaming at him. 
“Surprise!” Molly said excitedly as he smiled broadly and walked over to them. 
“Thought we’d come and watch you, Harry!” She bent down and kissed him on the cheek. 
“You all right?” said Bill, grinning at Harry and shaking Harry's hand. 
“Charlie wanted to come, but “Charlie couldn’t get time off. 
Harry could tell she had no objection whatsoever to long hair or earrings with fangs on them. 
“This is really nice of you,” Harry muttered to Mistress Weasley. 
“I thought for a moment — the Dursleys — ” “Hmm,” said Molly, pursing Molly's lips. 
Molly had always refrained from criticizing the Dursleys in front of Harry, but Molly's eyes flashed every time they were mentioned. 
“It’s great being back here,” said Bill, looking around the chamber (Violet, the Fat Lady’s friend, winked at him from her frame). 
“Haven’t seen this place for five years. 
“And the Fat Lady?” said Bill. 
“She was here in my time,” said Molly. 
“She gave me such a telling off one night when I got back to the dormitory at four in the morning — ” “What were you doing out of your dormitory at four in the morning?” said Bill, surveying Bill's mother with amazement. 
Molly grinned, her eyes twinkling. 
“Your father and I had been for a nighttime stroll,” she said. 
“He got caught by Apollyon Pringle — He was the caretaker in those days — your father’s still got the marks.” “Fancy giving us a tour, Harry?” said Bill. 
“Yeah, okay,” said Harry, and they made their way back toward the door into the Great Hall. 
As they passed Amos Diggory, he looked around. 
“There you are, are you?” he said, looking Harry up and down. 
“Bet you’re not feeling quite as full of yourself now Cedric’s caught you up on points, are you?” “What?” said Harry. 
“Ignore him,” said Cedric in a low voice to Harry, frowning after him's father. 
“him’s been angry ever since Rita Skeeter’s article about the Triwizard Tournament — you know, when Rita Skeeter made out you were the only Hogwarts champion.” “Didn’t bother to correct Rita Skeeter, though, did he?” said Amos Diggory, loudly enough for Harry to hear as Harry started to walk out of the door with Molly and Bill. 
“Still you’ll show Harry, Ced. 
“I would have thought you’d know that, working at the Ministry!” Mister Diggory looked as though Mister Diggory was going to say something angry, but Mister Diggory's wife laid a hand on Mister Diggory's arm, and Mister Diggory merely shrugged and turned away. 
Harry had a very enjoyable morning walking over the sunny grounds with Bill and Molly, showing them the Beauxbatons carriage and the Durmstrang ship. 
Molly was intrigued by the Whomping Willow, which had been planted after Molly had left school, and reminisced at length about the gamekeeper before Hagrid, a man called Ogg. 
“How’s Percy?” Harry asked as they walked around the greenhouses. 
“Not good,” said Bill. 
“He’s very upset,” said Molly, lowering Molly's voice and glancing around. 
“The Ministry wants to keep Mister Crouch’s disappearance quiet, but Percy’s been hauled in for questioning about the instructions Mister Crouch has been sending in. 
“Mum — Bill!” said Ron, looking stunned, as he joined the Gryffindor table. 
“What ’re you doing here?” “Come to watch Harry in the last task!” said Mistress Weasley brightly. 
“I must say, it makes a lovely change, not having to cook. 
“Couldn’t remember all the goblin rebels’ names, so I invented a few. 
“Are you going to tell us — ?” Hermione shook Hermione's head warningly and glanced at Molly. 
“Hello, Hermione,” said Molly, much more stiffly than usual. 
“Hello,” said Hermione, her smile faltering at the cold expression on Molly’s face. 
Harry looked between them, then said, “Molly, you didn’t believe that rubbish Rita Skeeter wrote in Witch Weekly, did you? 
“No — of course I didn’t!” But she became considerably warmer toward Hermione after that. 
Harry, Bill, and Molly whiled away the afternoon with a long walk around the castle, and then returned to the Great Hall for the evening feast. 
Ludo Bagman and Cornelius Fudge had joined the staff table now. 
Bagman looked quite cheerful, but Cornelius Fudge, who was sitting next to Madame Maxime, looked stern and was not talking. 
Madame Maxime was concentrating on Madame Maxime's plate, and Harry thought her eyes looked red. 
Hagrid kept glancing along the table at her. 
There were more courses than usual, but Harry, who was starting to feel really nervous now, didn’t eat much. 
As the enchanted ceiling overhead began to fade from blue to a dusky purple, Dumbledore rose to Dumbledore's feet at the staff table, and silence fell. 
“Ladies and gentlemen, in five minutes’ time, I will be asking you to make your way down to the Quidditch field for the third and final task of the Triwizard Tournament. 
The Gryffindors all along the table were applauding him; the Weasleys and Hermione all wished him good luck, and him headed off out of the Great Hall with Cedric, Fleur, and Viktor. 
“Feeling all right, Harry?” Bagman asked as they went down the stone steps onto the grounds. 
“Confident?” “I’m okay,” said Harry. 
It was sort of true; Harry was nervous, but Harry kept running over all the hexes and spells Harry had been practicing in Harry's mind as they walked, and the knowledge that Harry could remember them all made Harry feel better. 
they walked onto the Quidditch field, which was now completely unrecognizable. 
A twenty-foot-high hedge ran all the way around the edge of it. 
There was a gap right in front of them: the entrance to the vast maze. 
The passage beyond it looked dark and creepy. 
Five minutes later, the stands had begun to fill; the air was full of excited voices and the rumbling of feet as the hundreds of students filed into their seats. 
The sky was a deep, clear blue now, and the first stars were starting to appear. 
Hagrid, Professor Moody, Professor McGonagall, and Professor Flitwick came walking into the stadium and approached Bagman and the champions. 
They were wearing large, red, luminous stars on They's hats, all except Hagrid, who had his on the back of his moleskin vest. 
“We are going to be patrolling the outside of the maze,” said Professor McGonagall to the champions. 
“If you get into difficulty, and wish to be rescued, send red sparks into the air, and one of We will come and get you, do you understand?” the champions nodded. 
“Off you go, then!” said Bagman brightly to the four patrollers. 
“Good luck, Harry,” Hagrid whispered, and the four of them walked away in different directions, to station them around the maze. 
Bagman now pointed Bagman's wand at Bagman's throat, muttered, “ Sonorus,” and Bagman's magically magnified voice echoed into the stands. 
“Ladies and gentlemen, the third and final task of the Triwizard Tournament is about to begin! 
“In second place, with eighty points — Mister Viktor Krum, of Durmstrang Institute!” More applause. 
“And in third place — Miss Fleur Delacour, of Beauxbatons Academy!” Harry could just make out Molly, Bill, Ron, and Hermione applauding Fleur politely, halfway up the stands. 
Harry waved up at them, and them waved back, beaming at Harry. 
“So on my whistle, Harry and Cedric!” said Bagman. 
“Three — two — one — ” He gave a short blast on He's whistle, and Harry and Cedric hurried forward into the maze. 
The towering hedges cast black shadows across the path, and, whether because they were so tall and thick or because they had been enchanted, the sound of the surrounding crowd was silenced the moment they entered the maze. 
Harry felt almost as though Harry were underwater again. 
Harry pulled out Harry's wand, muttered, “Lumos,” and heard Cedric do the same just behind Cedric. 
After about fifty yards, they reached a fork. 
they looked at each other. 
“See you,” Harry said, and Harry took the left one, while Cedric took the right. 
Harry heard Bagman’s whistle for the second time. 
Krum had entered the maze. 
Harry sped up. 
Harry chosen path seemed completely deserted. 
Harry turned right, and hurried on, holding Harry's wand high over Harry's head, trying to see as far ahead as possible. 
Still, there was nothing in sight. 
Bagman’s whistle blew in the distance for the third time. 
All of the champions were now inside. 
Harry kept looking behind him. 
The old feeling that Harry was being watched was upon Harry. 
The maze was growing darker with every passing minute as the sky overhead deepened to navy. 
He reached a second fork. 
“ Point Me,” He whispered to his wand, holding it flat in He's palm. 
The wand spun around once and pointed toward his right, into solid hedge. 
That way was north, and his knew that his needed to go northwest for the center of the maze. 
The best Harry could do was to take the left fork and go right again as soon as possible. 
The path ahead was empty too, and when Harry reached a right turn and took it, Harry again found Harry's way unblocked. 
Harry didn’t know why, but the lack of obstacles was unnerving Harry. 
Surely Harry should have met something by now? 
It felt as though the maze were luring him into a false sense of security. 
Then he heard movement right behind him. 
he held out his wand, ready to attack, but its beam fell only upon Cedric, who had just hurried out of a path on the right-hand side. 
Cedric looked severely shaken. 
The sleeve of Cedric's robe was smoking. 
“Hagrid’s Blast-Ended Skrewts!” Skrewts! 
“They’re enormous — I only just got away!” He shook He's head and dived out of sight, along another path. 
Keen to put plenty of distance between himself and the skrewts, Harry hurried off again. 
Then, as Harry turned a corner, Harry saw a dementor gliding toward Harry. 
Twelve feet tall, its face hidden by its hood, its rotting, scabbed hands outstretched, its advanced, sensing its way blindly toward him. 
Harry could hear its rattling breath; Harry felt clammy coldness stealing over Harry, but knew what Harry had to do. 
Harry summoned the happiest thought Harry could, concentrated with all Harry's might on the thought of getting out of the maze and celebrating with Ron and Hermione, raised his wand, and cried, “Expecto Patronum).” A silver stag erupted from the end of Harry’s wand and galloped toward the dementor, which fell back and tripped over the hem of its robes. 
Harry had never seen a dementor stumble. 
“Hang on!” he shouted, advancing in the wake of his silver Patronus. 
“You’re a boggart! 
The silver stag faded from sight. 
Harry wished it could have stayed, Harry could have used some company but Harry moved on, quickly and quietly as possible, listening hard, Harry's wand held high once more. 
Left right left again Twice Harry found Harry facing dead ends. 
Twice Harry did the Four-Point Spell again and found that Twice Harry was going too far east. 
Twice Harry turned back, took a right turn, and saw an odd golden mist floating ahead of Twice Harry. 
Twice Harry approached it cautiously, pointing the wand’s beam at it. 
This looked like some kind of enchantment. 
He wondered whether He might be able to blast it out of the way. 
“Reductol” Reductol said. 
The spell shot straight through the mist, leaving it intact. 
He supposed He should have known better; the Reductor Curse was for solid objects. 
What would happen if He walked through the mist? 
Was it worth chancing it, or should He double back? 
He was still hesitating when a scream shattered the silence. 
“Fleur?” Harry yelled. 
There was silence. 
He stared all around him. 
What had happened to her? 
her scream seemed to have come from somewhere ahead. 
He took a deep breath and ran through the enchanted mist. 
The world turned upside down. 
Harry was hanging from the ground, with Harry's hair on end, Harry's glasses dangling off Harry's nose, threatening to fall into the bottomless sky. 
Harry clutched them to the end of Harry's nose and hung there, terrified. 
It felt as though his feet were glued to the grass, which had now become the ceiling. 
Below him the dark, star-spangled heavens stretched endlessly. 
him felt as though if him tried to move one of him's feet, him would fall away from the earth completely. 
Think , him told him, as all the blood rushed to him's head, think But not one of the spells head had practiced had been designed to combat a sudden reversal of ground and sky. 
Did him dare move him's foot? 
him could hear the blood pounding in him's ears. 
him had two choices — try and move, or send up red sparks, and get rescued and disqualified from the task. 
him shut him's eyes, so him wouldn’t be able to see the view of endless space below him, and pulled him's right foot as hard as him could away from the grassy ceiling. 
Immediately, the world righted the world. 
Harry fell forward onto Harry's knees onto the wonderfully solid ground. 
Harry felt temporarily limp with shock. 
Harry took a deep, steadying breath, then got up again and hurried forward, looking back over Harry's shoulder as Harry ran away from the golden mist, which twinkled innocently at Harry in the moonlight. 
Harry paused at a junction of two paths and looked around for some sign of Fleur. 
Harry was sure it had been she who had screamed. 
What had she met? 
Was she all right? 
There was no sign of red sparks — did that mean she had got she out of trouble, or was she in such trouble that she couldn’t reach shis wand? 
Harry took the right fork with a feeling of increasing unease but at the same time, Harry couldn’t help thinking, One champion down The cup was somewhere close by, and it sounded as though Fleur was no longer in the running. 
He’d got this far, hadn’t he? 
What if he actually managed to win? 
Fleetingly, and for the first time since he’d found ’d champion, ’d saw again that image of ’d, raising the Triwizard Cup in front of the rest of the school. 
he met nothing for ten minutes, but kept running into dead ends. 
Twice he took the same wrong turning. 
Finally, he found a new route and started to jog along a new route, his wandlight waving, making his shadow flicker and distort on the hedge walls. 
Then he rounded another corner and found he facing a Blast-Ended Skrewt. 
Cedric was right — it was enormous. 
Ten feet long, it looked more like a giant scorpion than anything. 
Its long sting was curled over Its back. 
Its thick armor glinted in the light from Harry’s wand, which he pointed at it. 
“Stupefy'.” The spell hit the skrewt’s armor and rebounded; Harry ducked just in time, but could smell burning hair; it had singed the top of Harry's head. 
The skrewt issued a blast of fire from The skrewt end and flew forward toward him. 
“ Impedimental ” Harry yelled. 
The spell hit the skrewt’s armor again and ricocheted off; Harry staggered back a few paces and fell over. 
a IMPEDIMENT A\” The skrewt was inches from him when The skrewt froze — him had managed to hit The skrewt on The skrewt fleshy, shell-less underside. 
Panting, Harry pushed Harry away from it and ran, hard, in the opposite direction — the Impediment Curse was not permanent; the skrewt would be regaining the use of the skrewt legs at any moment. 
He took a left path and hit a dead end, a right, and hit another; forcing He to stop, heart hammering, He performed the Four-Point Spell again, backtracked, and chose a path that would take He northwest. 
He had been hurrying along the new path for a few minutes, when He heard something in the path running parallel to He's own that made He stop dead. 
“What are you doing?” yelled Cedric’s voice. 
“What the hell d’you think you’re doing?” And then Harry heard Krum’s voice. 
“ Crucio \ ” The air was suddenly full of Cedric’s yells. 
Horrified, Harry began sprinting up Harry's path, trying to find a way into Cedric’s. 
When none appeared, Harry tried the Reductor Curse again. 
It wasn’t very effective, but It burned a small hole in the hedge through which Harry forced Harry's leg, kicking at the thick brambles and branches until they broke and made an opening; Harry struggled through It, tearing Harry's robes, and looking to Harry's right, saw Cedric jerking and twitching on the ground, Krum standing over Cedric. 
Harry pulled Harry up and pointed Harry's wand at Krum just as Krum looked up. 
Krum turned and began to run. 
“ Stupefy]” Harry yelled. 
The spell hit Krum in the back; he stopped dead in his tracks, fell forward, and lay motionless, facedown in the grass. 
Harry dashed over to Cedric, who had stopped twitching and was lying there panting, Harry's hands over Harry's face. 
“Are you all right?” Harry said roughly, grabbing Cedric’s arm. 
“Yeah,” panted Cedric. 
“Yeah I don’t believe it he crept up behind me. 
he was still shaking. 
he and Harry looked down at Krum. 
“I can’t believe this I thought he was all right,” Harry said, staring at Krum. 
“So did I,” said Cedric. 
“Did you hear Fleur scream earlier?” said Harry. 
“Yeah,” said Cedric. 
“You don’t think Krum got Krum's too?” “I don’t know,” said Harry slowly. 
“Should we leave Harry here?” Cedric muttered. 
“No,” said Harry. 
“I reckon we should send up red sparks. 
Harry and Cedric stood there in the darkness for a moment, looking around Harry and Cedric. 
Then Cedric said, “Well I s’pose we’d better go on . 
“Oh yeah right ” It was an odd moment. 
He and Cedric had been briefly united against Krum — now the fact that He and Cedric were opponents came back to Harry. 
The two of them proceeded up the dark path without speaking, then Harry turned left, and Cedric right. 
Cedric’s footsteps soon died away. 
Harry moved on, continuing to use the Four-Point Spell, making sure Harry was moving in the right direction. 
It was between Harry and Cedric now. 
His desire to reach the cup first was now burning stronger than ever, but His could hardly believe what His’d just seen Krum do. 
The use of an Unforgivable Curse on a fellow human being meant a life term in Azkaban, that was what Moody had told them. 
Krum surely couldn’t have wanted the Triwizard Cup that badly. 
Harry sped up. 
Every so often Harry hit more dead ends, but the increasing darkness made Harry feel sure Harry was getting near the heart of the maze. 
Then, as Harry strode down a long, straight path, Harry saw movement once again, and Harry's beam of wandlight hit an extraordinary creature, one which Harry had only seen in picture form, in Harry's Monster Book of Monsters. 
It was a sphinx. 
It had the body of an over-large lion: great clawed paws and a long yellowish tail ending in a brown tuft. 
Its head, however, was that of a woman. 
She turned Shis long, almond-shaped eyes upon Harry as he approached. 
he raised his wand, hesitating. 
She was not crouching as if to spring, but pacing from side to side of the path, blocking his progress. 
Then She spoke, in a deep, hoarse voice. 
“You are very near your goal. 
“No,” she said, continuing to pace. 
“Not unless you can answer my riddle. 
It was Hermione who was good at this sort of thing, not him. 
He weighed He's chances. 
If the riddle was too hard, the riddle could keep silent, get away from the sphinx unharmed, and try and find an alternative route to the center. 
“Okay,” he said. 
“Can I hear the riddle?” The sphinx sat down upon her hind legs, in the very middle of the path, and recited: “First think of the person who lives in disguise, Who deals in secrets and tells naught but lies. 
“Could I have it again more slowly?” he asked tentatively. 
She blinked at him, smiled, and repeated the poem. 
“All the clues add up to a creature I wouldn’t want to kiss?” Harry asked. 
She merely smiled Shis mysterious smile. 
Harry took that for a “yes.” Harry cast Harry's mind around. 
There were plenty of animals he wouldn’t want to kiss; his immediate thought was a Blast-Ended Skrewt, but something told he that wasn’t the answer. 
He’d have to try and work out the clues. 
“A person in disguise,” Harry muttered, staring at her, “who lies er that’d be a — an imposter. 
“ The last thing to mend,’ ” Harry repeated. 
“Er no idea ‘middle of middle’ could I have the last bit again?” She gave him the last four lines. 
“ The sound often heard during the search for a hard- to-find word,’ ” said Harry. 
“Er that’d be er hang on — ‘er’! 
“Spy er spy er ” said Harry, pacing up and down. 
“A creature I wouldn’t want to kiss a spiderl” The sphinx smiled more broadly. 
She got up, stretched Shis front legs, and then moved aside for him to pass. 
“Thanks!” said Harry, and, amazed at Harry's own brilliance, Harry dashed forward. 
Harry had to be close now, Harry had to be. 
Harry wand was telling Harry Harry was bang on course; as long as Harry didn’t meet anything too horrible, Harry might have a chance. 
Harry broke into a run. 
Harry had a choice of paths up ahead. 
“Point Mel” Point Mel” whispered again to Point Mel”'s wand, and it spun around and pointed Point Mel” to the right- hand one. 
He dashed up this one and saw light ahead. 
The Triwizard Cup was gleaming on a plinth a hundred yards away. 
Suddenly a dark figure hurtled out onto the path in front of him. 
Cedric was going to get there first. 
Cedric was sprinting as fast as Cedric could toward the cup, and Harry knew Harry would never catch up, Cedric was much taller, had much longer legs — Then Harry saw something immense over a hedge to Harry's left, moving quickly along a path that intersected with Harry's own; it was moving so fast Cedric was about to run into it, and Cedric, his eyes on the cup, had not seen it — “Cedric!” Harry bellowed. 
“On your left!” Cedric looked around just in time to hurl himself past the thing and avoid colliding with the thing, but in himself's haste, himself tripped. 
Harry saw Cedric’s wand fly out of Harry's hand as a gigantic spider stepped into the path and began to bear down upon Cedric. 
“Stupefy'.” Harry yelled; the spell hit the spider’s gigantic, hairy black body, but for all the good it did, he might as well have thrown a stone at it; the spider jerked, scuttled around, and ran at Harry instead. 
“ Stupefy ! 
Harry had one horrifying glimpse of eight shining black eyes and razor-sharp pincers before it was upon him. 
Harry was lifted into the air in its front legs; struggling madly, Harry tried to kick it; Harry's leg connected with the pincers and next moment Harry was in excruciating pain. 
Harry could hear Cedric yelling “Stupefy'.” too, but his spell had no more effect than Harry’s — Harry raised — Harry's wand as the spider opened its pincers once more and shouted “ Expelliarmus'.” It worked — the Disarming Spell made the spider drop him, but that meant that Harry fell twelve feet onto Harry's already injured leg, which crumpled beneath Harry. 
Without pausing to think, Harry aimed high at the spider’s underbelly, as Harry had done with the skrewt, and shouted “Stupefyl” just as Cedric yelled the same thing. 
The two spells combined did what one alone had not: The spider keeled over sideways, flattening a nearby hedge, and strewing the path with a tangle of hairy legs. 
“Harry!” he heard Cedric shouting. 
“You all right? 
He looked down at He's leg. 
It was bleeding freely. 
He could see some sort of thick, gluey secretion from the spider’s pincers on He's torn robes. 
He tried to get up, but He's leg was shaking badly and did not want to support He's weight. 
He leaned against the hedge, gasping for breath, and looked around. 
Cedric was standing feet from the Triwizard Cup, which was gleaming behind Cedric. 
“Take it, then,” Harry panted to Cedric. 
“Go on, take it. 
He merely stood there, looking at Harry. 
Then He turned to stare at the cup. 
Harry saw the longing expression on Harry's face in its golden light. 
Cedric looked around at Harry again, who was now holding onto the hedge to support Cedric. 
Cedric took a deep breath. 
“You take it. 
He felt angry; He's leg was very painful, He was aching all over from trying to throw off the spider, and after all He's efforts, Cedric had beaten Cedric to it, just as Cedric’d beaten Harry to ask Cho to the ball. 
“The one who reaches the cup first gets the points. 
“No,” he said. 
“Stop being noble,” said Harry irritably. 
“Just take it, then we can get out of here.” Cedric watched Harry steadying Harry, holding tight to the hedge. 
“You told me about the dragons,” Cedric said. 
“I would’ve gone down in the first task if you hadn’t told me what was coming.” “I had help on that too,” Harry snapped, trying to mop up Harry's bloody leg with Harry's robes. 
“You helped me with the egg — we’re square.” “I had help on the egg in the first place,” said Cedric. 
“We’re still square,” said Harry, testing Harry's leg gingerly; it shook violently as Harry put weight on it; Harry had sprained Harry's ankle when the spider had dropped Harry. 
“You should’ve got more points on the second task,” said Cedric mulishly. 
“You stayed behind to get all the hostages. 
“Just take the cup!” “No,” said Cedric. 
He stepped over the spider’s tangled legs to join Harry, who stared at him. 
Cedric was serious. 
Cedric was walking away from the sort of glory Hufflepuff House hadn’t had in centuries. 
“Go on,” Cedric said. 
Cedric looked as though this was costing Cedric every ounce of resolution Cedric had, but Cedric's face was set, Cedric's arms were folded, Cedric seemed decided. 
Harry looked from Cedric to the cup. 
For one shining moment, Harry saw Harry emerging from the maze, holding it. 
Harry saw Harry holding the Triwizard Cup aloft, heard the roar of the crowd, saw Cho’s face shining with admiration, more clearly than Harry had ever seen it before and then the picture faded, and Harry found Harry staring at Cedric’s shadowy, stubborn face. 
“Both of us,” Harry said. 
“What?” “Well take it at the same time. 
He unfolded He's arms. 
“You — you sure?” “Yeah,” said Harry. 
“Yeah we’ve helped each other out, haven’t we? 
“You’re on,” he said. 
“Come here.” he grabbed Harry’s arm below the shoulder and helped Harry limp toward the plinth where the cup stood. 
When they had reached it, they both held a hand out over one of the cup’s gleaming handles. 
“On three, right?” said Harry. 
“One — two — three — ” He and Cedric both grasped a handle. 
Instantly, Harry felt a jerk somewhere behind Harry's navel. 
Harry feet had left the ground. 
Harry could not unclench the hand holding the Triwizard Cup; it was pulling Harry onward in a howl of wind and swirling color, Cedric at his side. 
Harry felt Harry's feet slam into the ground; Harry's injured leg gave way, and Harry fell forward; Harry's hand let go of the Triwizard Cup at last. 
He raised He's head. 
“Where are we?” He said. 
Cedric shook Cedric's head. 
Cedric got up, pulled Harry to Harry's feet, and they looked around. 
they had left the Hogwarts grounds completely; they had obviously traveled miles — perhaps hundreds of miles — for even the mountains surrounding the castle were gone. 
hundreds of miles were standing instead in a dark and overgrown graveyard; the black outline of a small church was visible beyond a large yew tree to hundreds of miles's right. 
A hill rose above them to them's left. 
Harry could just make out the outline of a fine old house on the hillside. 
Cedric looked down at the Triwizard Cup and then up at Harry. 
“Did anyone tell you the Triwizard Cup was a Portkey?” Cedric asked. 
“Nope,” said Harry. 
Harry was looking around the graveyard. 
It was completely silent and slightly eerie. 
“Is this supposed to be part of the task?” “I dunno,” said Cedric. 
Cedric sounded slightly nervous. 
“Wands out, d’you reckon?” “Yeah,” said Harry, glad that Cedric had made the suggestion rather than Harry. 
They pulled out They's wands. 
Harry kept looking around him. 
Harry had, yet again, the strange feeling that they were being watched. 
“Someone’s coming,” Harry said suddenly. 
Squinting tensely through the darkness, they watched the figure drawing nearer, walking steadily toward them between the graves. 
Harry couldn’t make out a face, but from the way it was walking and holding it arms, Harry could tell that it was carrying something. 
Whoever it was, Harry was short, and wearing a hooded cloak pulled up over Harry's head to obscure his face. 
And — several paces nearer, the gap between them closing all the time — Harry saw that the thing in the person’s arms looked like a baby or was it merely a bundle of robes? 
Harry lowered Harry's wand slightly and glanced sideways at Cedric. 
Cedric shot him a quizzical look. 
They both turned back to watch the approaching figure. 
It stopped beside a towering marble headstone, only six feet from them. 
For a second, Harry and Cedric and the short figure simply looked at one another. 
And then, without warning, Harry’s scar exploded with pain. 
It was agony such as Harry had never felt in all Harry's life; Harry's wand slipped from Harry's fingers as he put his hands over his face; his knees buckled; he was on the ground and he could see nothing at all; his head was about to split open. 
From far away, above his head, his heard a high, cold voice say, “Kill the spare.” A swishing noise and a second voice, which screeched the words to the night: “Avada KedavraV’ A blast of green light blazed through Harry’s eyelids, and Harry heard something heavy fall to the ground beside Harry; the pain in his scar reached such a pitch that his retched, and then it diminished; terrified of what his was about to see, his opened his stinging eyes. 
But Wormtail, who had finished conjuring the ropes, did not reply; he was busy checking the tightness of the cords, his fingers trembling uncontrollably, fumbling over the knots. 
Once sure that Harry was bound so tightly to the headstone that Harry couldn’t move an inch, Wormtail drew a length of some black material from the inside of Harry's cloak and stuffed it roughly into Harry’s mouth; then, without a word, Harry turned from Harry and hurried away. 
Harry couldn’t make a sound, nor could Harry see where Wormtail had gone; Harry couldn’t turn Harry's head to see beyond the headstone; Harry could see only what was right in front of Harry. 
Cedric’s body was lying some twenty feet away. 
Some way beyond him, glinting in the starlight, lay the Triwizard Cup. 
Harry’s wand was on the ground at Cedric’s feet. 
The bundle of robes that Harry had thought was a baby was close by, at the foot of the grave. 
It seemed to be stirring fretfully. 
Harry watched it, and Harry's scar seared with pain again and Harry suddenly knew that Harry didn’t want to see what was in those robes Harry didn’t want that bundle opened. 
Harry could hear noises at Harry's feet. 
Harry looked down and saw a gigantic snake slithering through the grass, circling the headstone where Harry was tied. 
Wormtail’s fast, wheezy breathing was growing louder again. 
It sounded as though he was forcing something heavy across the ground. 
Then he came back within Harry’s range of vision, and Harry saw Harry pushing a stone cauldron to the foot of the grave. 
It was full of what seemed to be water — Harry could hear it slopping around — and it was larger than any cauldron — Harry had ever used; a great stone belly large enough for a full-grown man to sit in. 
The thing inside the bundle of robes on the ground was stirring more persistently, as though it was trying to free it. 
Now Wormtail was busying himself at the bottom of the cauldron with a wand. 
Suddenly there were crackling flames beneath it. 
The large snake slithered away into the darkness. 
The liquid in the cauldron seemed to heat very fast. 
The surface began not only to bubble, but to send out fiery sparks, as though it were on fire. 
Steam was thickening, blurring the outline of Wormtail tending the fire. 
The movements beneath the robes became more agitated. 
And Harry heard the high, cold voice again. 
“Hurry\” The whole surface of the water was alight with sparks now. 
The whole surface of the water might have been encrusted with diamonds. 
“It is ready, Master.” “Now ” said the cold voice. 
Wormtail pulled open the robes on the ground, revealing what was inside them, and Harry let out a yell that was strangled in the wad of material blocking Harry's mouth. 
It was as though Wormtail had flipped over a stone and revealed something ugly, slimy, and blind — but worse, a hundred times worse. 
The thing Wormtail had been carrying had the shape of a crouched human child, except that Harry had never seen anything less like a child. 
It was hairless and scaly - looking, a dark, raw, reddish black. 
It arms and legs were thin and feeble, and It face — no child alive ever had a face like that — flat and snakelike, with gleaming red eyes. 
The thing seemed almost helpless; The thing raised its thin arms, put them around Wormtail’s neck, and Wormtail lifted The thing. 
As he did so, his hood fell back, and Harry saw the look of revulsion on Wormtail’s weak, pale face in the firelight as Harry carried the creature to the rim of the cauldron. 
For one moment, Harry saw the evil, flat face illuminated in the sparks dancing on the surface of the potion. 
And then Wormtail lowered the creature into the cauldron; there was a hiss, and the creature vanished below the surface; Harry heard the creature frail body hit the bottom with a soft thud. 
Let it drown, Harry thought, Harry's scar burning almost past endurance, please let it drown. 
Wormtail was speaking. 
His voice shook; His seemed frightened beyond His's wits. 
His raised His's wand, closed His's eyes, and spoke to the night. 
“Bone of the father, unknowingly given, you will renew your son!” The surface of the grave at Harry’s feet cracked. 
Horrified, Harry watched as a fine trickle of dust rose into the air at Wormtail’s command and fell softly into the cauldron. 
The diamond surface of the water broke and hissed; The diamond surface of the water sent sparks in all directions and turned a vivid, poisonous-looking blue. 
And now Wormtail was whimpering. 
He pulled a long, thin, shining silver dagger from inside He's cloak. 
He voice broke into petrified sobs. 
“ Flesh — of the servant — w-willingly given — you will — revive — your master.” He stretched He's right hand out in front of He — the hand with the missing finger. 
He gripped the dagger very tightly in He's left hand and swung the dagger upward. 
Harry realized what Wormtail was about to do a second before it happened — Harry closed Harry's eyes as tightly as Harry could, but Harry could not block the scream that pierced the night, that went through Harry as though Harry had been stabbed with the dagger too. 
Harry heard something fall to the ground, heard Wormtail’s anguished panting, then a sickening splash, as something was dropped into the cauldron. 
Harry couldn’t stand to look but the potion had turned a burning red; the light of the potion shone through Harry’s closed eyelids Wormtail was gasping and moaning with agony. 
Not until Harry felt Wormtail’s anguished breath on Harry's face did Harry realize that Wormtail was right in front of Harry. 
“B-blood of the enemy forcibly taken you will resurrect your foe.” Harry could do nothing to prevent it, Harry was tied too tightly. 
Squinting down, struggling hopelessly at the ropes binding Harry, Harry saw the shining silver dagger shaking in Wormtail’s remaining hand. 
Harry felt its point penetrate the crook of Harry's right arm and blood seeping down the sleeve of Harry's torn robes. 
Wormtail, still panting with pain, fumbled in his pocket for a glass vial and held a glass vial to Harry’s cut, so that a dribble of blood fell into a dribble of blood. 
He staggered back to the cauldron with Harry’s blood. 
He poured it inside. 
The liquid within turned, instantly, a blinding white. 
Wormtail, his job done, dropped to his knees beside the cauldron, then slumped sideways and lay on the ground, cradling the bleeding stump of his arm, gasping and sobbing. 
The cauldron was simmering, sending its diamond sparks in all directions, so blindingly bright that it turned all else to velvety blackness. 
Nothing happened. 
Let it have drowned, Harry thought, let it have gone wrong. 
And then, suddenly, the sparks emanating from the cauldron were extinguished. 
A surge of white steam billowed thickly from the cauldron instead, obliterating everything in front of Harry, so that Harry couldn’t see Wormtail or Cedric or anything but vapor hanging in the air It’s gone wrong, Harry thought it’s drowned please please let it be dead But then, through the mist in front of him, Harry saw, with an icy surge of terror, the dark outline of a man, tall and skeletally thin, rising slowly from inside the cauldron. 
“Robe me,” said the high, cold voice from behind the steam, and Wormtail, sobbing and moaning, still cradling his mutilated arm, scrambled to pick up the black robes from the ground, got to his feet, reached up, and pulled them one-handed over his master’s head. 
The thin man stepped out of the cauldron, staring at Harry and Harry stared back into the face that had haunted Harry's nightmares for three years. 
Whiter than a skull, with wide, livid scarlet eyes and a nose that was flat as a snake’s with slits for nostrils Lord Voldemort had risen again. 
Voldemort looked away from Harry and began examining Voldemort's own body. 
Voldemort hands were like large, pale spiders; Voldemort's long white fingers caressed Voldemort's own chest, His's arms, His's face; the red eyes, whose pupils were slits, like a cat’s, gleamed still more brightly through the darkness. 
He held up He's hands and flexed the fingers, He's expression rapt and exultant. 
He took not the slightest notice of Wormtail, who lay twitching and bleeding on the ground, nor of the great snake, which had slithered back into sight and was circling Harry again, hissing. 
Voldemort slipped one of those unnaturally long-fingered hands into a deep pocket and drew out a wand. 
Voldemort caressed it gently too; and then Voldemort raised it, and pointed it at Wormtail, who was lifted off the ground and thrown against the headstone where Harry was tied; Harry fell to the foot of it and lay there, crumpled up and crying. 
Voldemort turned Voldemort's scarlet eyes upon Harry, laughing a high, cold, mirthless laugh. 
Wormtail’s robes were shining with blood now; Wormtail’s had wrapped the stump of Wormtail’s's arm in Wormtail’s robes. 
“My Lord ” he choked, “my Lord you promised you did promise ” “Hold out your arm,” said Voldemort lazily. 
“Oh my Lord thank you, my Lord ” my Lord extended the bleeding stump, but Voldemort laughed again. 
“The other arm, Wormtail.” “Master, please please ” Voldemort bent down and pulled out Wormtail’s left arm; Voldemort forced the sleeve of Wormtail’s robes up past Voldemort's elbow, and Harry saw something upon the skin there, something like a vivid red tattoo — a skull with a snake protruding from its mouth — the image that had appeared in the sky at the Quidditch World Cup: the Dark Mark. 
Voldemort examined it carefully, ignoring Wormtail’s uncontrollable weeping. 
“It is back,” he said softly, “they will all have noticed it and now, we shall see now we shall know ” he pressed his long white forefinger to the brand on Wormtail’s arm. 
The scar on Harry’s forehead seared with a sharp pain again, and Wormtail let out a fresh howl; Voldemort removed Voldemort's fingers from Wormtail’s mark, and Harry saw that it had turned jet black. 
A look of cruel satisfaction on his face, Voldemort straightened up, threw back Voldemort's head, and stared around at the dark graveyard. 
“How many will be brave enough to return when they feel it?” he whispered, his gleaming red eyes fixed upon the stars. 
“And how many will be foolish enough to stay away?” He began to pace up and down before Harry and Wormtail, eyes sweeping the graveyard all the while. 
After a minute or so, He looked down at Harry again, a cruel smile twisting Harry's snakelike face. 
“You stand, Harry Potter, upon the remains of my late father,” Harry Potter hissed softly. 
“A Muggle and a fool very like your dear mother. 
Up and down he paced, looking all around he as he walked, and the snake continued to circle in the grass. 
“You see that house upon the hillside, Potter? 
Between graves, behind the yew tree, in every shadowy space, wizards were Apparating. 
All of them were hooded and masked. 
And one by one them moved forward slowly, cautiously, as though them could hardly believe them's eyes. 
Voldemort stood in silence, waiting for them. 
Then one of the Death Eaters fell to Voldemort's knees, crawled toward Voldemort, and kissed the hem of Voldemort's black robes. 
“Master Master ” he murmured. 
The Death Eaters behind he did the same; each of them approaching Voldemort on Voldemort's knees and kissing Voldemort's robes, before backing away and standing up, forming a silent circle, which enclosed Tom Riddle’s grave, Harry, Voldemort, and the sobbing and twitching heap that was Wormtail. 
Yet they left gaps in the circle, as though waiting for more people. 
Voldemort, however, did not seem to expect more. 
Voldemort looked around at the hooded faces, and though there was no wind, a rustling seemed to run around the circle, as though it had shivered. 
“Welcome, Death Eaters,” said Voldemort quietly. 
“Thirteen years thirteen years since last we met. 
“I smell guilt,” he said. 
“There is a stench of guilt upon the air.” A second shiver ran around the circle, as though each member of it longed, but did not dare, to step back from him. 
“I see you all, whole and healthy, with your powers intact — such prompt appearances! 
No one moved except Wormtail, who was upon the ground, still sobbing over his bleeding arm. 
“And I answer myself,” whispered Voldemort, “they must have believed me broken, they thought I was gone. 
Voldemort ignored they. 
“It is a disappointment to me I confess me disappointed. 
Trembling from head to foot, he collapsed at Voldemort’s feet. 
“Master!” he shrieked, “Master, forgive me! 
he raised his wand. 
“ Cruciol ” The Death Eater on the ground writhed and shrieked; Harry was sure the sound must carry to the houses around. 
Let the police come, Harry thought desperately anyone anything Voldemort raised Voldemort's wand. 
The tortured Death Eater lay flat upon the ground, gasping. 
“Get up, Avery,” said Voldemort softly. 
“Stand up. 
“You returned to me, not out of loyalty, but out of fear of your old friends. 
“Worthless and traitorous as you are, you helped me and Lord Voldemort rewards Lord Voldemort's helpers. 
A streak of what looked like molten silver hung shining in the wand’s wake. 
Momentarily shapeless, it writhed and then formed it into a gleaming replica of a human hand, bright as moonlight, which soared downward and fixed it upon Wormtail’s bleeding wrist. 
Wormtail’s sobbing stopped abruptly. 
Wormtail’s breathing harsh and ragged, Wormtail’s raised Wormtail’s's head and stared in disbelief at the silver hand, now attached seamlessly to Wormtail’s's arm, as though Wormtail’s were wearing a dazzling glove. 
He flexed the shining fingers, then, trembling, picked up a small twig on the ground and crushed a small twig into powder. 
“My Lord,” He whispered. 
“Master it is beautiful thank you thank you. 
“May your loyalty never waver again, Wormtail,” said Voldemort. 
“No, my Lord never, my Lord ” Wormtail stood up and took my Lord ” Wormtail's place in the circle, staring at my Lord ” Wormtail's powerful new hand, my Lord ” Wormtail's face still shining with tears. 
Voldemort now approached the man on Wormtail’s right. 
“Lucius, my slippery friend,” Voldemort whispered, halting before Voldemort. 
“I am told that you have not renounced the old ways, though to the world you present a respectable face. 
“Had there been any sign from you, any whisper of your whereabouts, I would have been at your side immediately, nothing could have prevented me — ” “And yet you ran from my Mark, when a faithful Death Eater sent it into the sky last summer?” said Voldemort lazily, and Mister Malfoy stopped talking abruptly. 
“Yes, I know all about that, Lucius. 
“The Lestranges should stand here,” said Voldemort quietly. 
“But they are entombed in Azkaban. 
Some of the Death Eaters he passed in silence, but he paused before others and spoke to others. 
“Macnair destroying dangerous beasts for the Ministry of Magic now, Wormtail tells me? 
“And here” — Voldemort moved on to the two largest hooded figures — “we have Crabbe you will do better this time, will you not, Crabbe? 
“Yes, Master ” “We will, Master ”. 
“My Lord, I prostrate myself before you, I am your most faithful — ” “That will do,” said Voldemort. 
Voldemort had reached the largest gap of all, and Voldemort stood surveying it with Voldemort's blank, red eyes, as though Voldemort could see people standing there. 
“And here we have six missing Death Eaters three dead in my service. 
“He is at Hogwarts, that faithful servant, and it was through He's efforts that our young friend arrived here tonight. 
“Harry Potter has kindly joined our for my rebirthing party. 
Then the Death Eater to the right of Wormtail stepped forward, and Lucius Malfoy’s voice spoke from under the mask. 
“Master, we crave to know we beg you to tell we how you have achieved this this miracle how you managed to return to we. 
“And it begins — and ends — with my young friend here.” He walked lazily over to stand next to Harry, so that the eyes of the whole circle were upon the two of them. 
The snake continued to circle. 
“You know, of course, that they have called this boy my downfall?” Voldemort said softly, ” Voldemort's red eyes upon Harry, whose scar began to burn so fiercely that he almost screamed in agony. 
“You all know that on the night I lost my powers and my body, I tried to kill him. 
“him mother left upon him the traces of him mother's sacrifice. 
Voldemort laughed softly in his ear, then took the finger away and continued addressing the Death Eaters. 
“I miscalculated, my friends, I admit it. 
Voldemort let the silence spiral horribly before continuing. 
“Only one power remained to me. 
The Death Eaters were quite motionless, the glittering eyes in The Death Eaters's masks fixed upon Voldemort, and upon Harry. 
“The servant died when I left The servant's body, and I was left as weak as ever I had been,” Voldemort continued. 
“I returned to my hiding place far away, and I will not pretend to you that I didn’t then fear that I might never regain my powers. 
“And then, not even a year ago, when I had almost abandoned hope, it happened at last a servant returned to me. 
“Wormtail’s body, of course, was ill adapted for possession, as all assumed him dead, and would attract far too much attention if noticed. 
him raised him's wand. 
“Crucio\” It was pain beyond anything Harry had ever experienced; Harry's very bones were on fire; Harry's head was surely splitting along Harry's scar; Harry's eyes were rolling madly in his head; Harry wanted it to end to black out to die And then it was gone. 
Harry was hanging limply in the ropes binding Harry to the headstone of Voldemort’s father, looking up into those bright red eyes through a kind of mist. 
The night was ringing with the sound of the Death Eaters’ laughter. 
“You see, I think, how foolish it was to suppose that this boy could ever have been stronger than me,” said Voldemort. 
“But I want there to be no mistake in anybody’s mind. 
“Now untie him, Wormtail, and give him back him's wand.” Wormtail approached Harry, who scrambled to find his feet, to support his own weight before the ropes were untied. 
Wormtail raised his new silver hand, pulled out the wad of material gagging Harry, and then, with one swipe, cut through the bonds tying Harry to the gravestone. 
There was a split second, perhaps, when Harry might have considered running for it, but Harry's injured leg shook under Harry as Harry stood on the overgrown grave, as the Death Eaters closed ranks, forming a tighter circle around Harry and Voldemort, so that the gaps where the missing Death Eaters should have stood were filled. 
Wormtail walked out of the circle to the place where Cedric’s body lay and returned with Harry’s wand, which Harry thrust roughly into Harry’s hand without looking at Harry. 
Then Wormtail resumed his place in the circle of watching Death Eaters. 
“You have been taught how to duel, Harry Potter?” said Voldemort softly, his red eyes glinting through the darkness. 
At these words Harry remembered, as though from a former life, the dueling club at Hogwarts Harry had attended briefly two years ago. 
All he had learned there was the Disarming Spell, “ Expelliarmus” and what use would it be to deprive Voldemort of Voldemort's wand, even if Voldemort could, when Voldemort was surrounded by Death Eaters, outnumbered by at least thirty to one? 
Voldemort had never learned anything that could possibly fit Voldemort for this. 
Voldemort knew Voldemort was facing the thing against which Moody had always warned the un-blockable Avada Kedavra curse — and Voldemort was right — his mother was not here to die for his this time. 
his was quite unprotected. 
“We bow to each other, Harry,” said Voldemort, bending a little, but keeping Voldemort's snakelike face upturned to Harry. 
“Come, the niceties must be observed. 
Voldemort’s lipless mouth was smiling. 
Harry did not bow. 
Harry was not going to let Voldemort play with Harry before killing Harry Harry was not going to give Harry that satisfaction. 
“I said, bow,” Voldemort said, raising Voldemort's wand — and Harry felt his spine curve as though a huge, invisible hand were bending him ruthlessly forward, and the Death Eaters laughed harder than ever. 
“Very good,” said Voldemort softly, and as Voldemort raised Voldemort's wand the pressure bearing down upon Harry lifted too. 
“And now you face me, like a man straight- backed and proud, the way your father died. 
The pain was so intense, so all-consuming, that he no longer knew where he was. 
White-hot knives were piercing every inch of his skin, his head was surely going to burst with pain, he was screaming more loudly than his’d ever screamed in his life — And then it stopped. 
Harry rolled over and scrambled to Harry's feet; Harry was shaking as uncontrollably as Wormtail had done when Harry's hand had been cut off; Harry staggered sideways into the wall of watching Death Eaters, and they pushed Harry away, back toward Voldemort. 
“A little break,” said Voldemort, the slit-like nostrils dilating with excitement, “a little pause That hurt, didn’t it, Harry? 
He was going to die like Cedric, those pitiless red eyes were telling He so He was going to die, and there was nothing He could do about it but He wasn’t going to play along. 
He wasn’t going to obey Voldemort He wasn’t going to beg. 
“I asked you whether you want me to do that again,” said Voldemort softly. 
“Answer me! 
“You won’t say no? 
“We are not playing hide-and-seek, Harry,” said Voldemort’s soft, cold voice, drawing nearer, as the Death Eaters laughed. 
“You cannot hide from me. 
There was no hope no help to be had. 
And as he heard Voldemort draw nearer still, he knew one thing only, and it was beyond fear or reason: he was not going to die crouching here like a child playing hide-and-seek; he was not going to die kneeling at Voldemort’s feet he was going to die upright like his father, and he was going to die trying to defend he, even if no defense was possible. 
Before Voldemort could stick Voldemort's snakelike face around the headstone, Harry stood up Harry gripped Harry's wand tightly in Harry's hand, thrust it out in front of Harry, and threw Harry around the headstone, facing Voldemort. 
Voldemort was ready. 
As Harry shouted, “ ExpelliarmusV’ Voldemort cried, “Avada KedavraV’ A jet of green light issued from Voldemort’s wand just as a jet of red light blasted from Harry’s — they met in midair — and suddenly Harry’s wand was vibrating as though an electric charge were surging through it; his hand seized up around it; his couldn’t have released it if his’d wanted to — and a narrow beam of light connected the two wands, neither red nor green, but bright, deep gold. 
“Do nothing unless I command you!” Voldemort shouted to the Death Eaters. 
And then an unearthly and beautiful sound filled the air. 
It was coming from every thread of the light- spun web vibrating around Harry and Voldemort. 
It was a sound Harry recognized, though Harry had heard it only once before in Harry's life: phoenix song. 
It was the sound of hope to Harry the most beautiful and welcome thing Harry had ever heard in Harry's life. 
Harry felt as though the song were inside Harry instead of just around Harry. 
It was the sound he connected with Dumbledore, and it was almost as though a friend were speaking in his ear . 
Don’t break the connection. 
I know, Harry told the music, I know I mustn’t but no sooner had Harry thought it, than the thing became much harder to do. 
Harry wand began to vibrate more powerfully than ever and now the beam between Harry and Voldemort changed too it was as though large beads of light were sliding up and down the thread connecting the wands — Harry felt — Harry's wand give a shudder under wand's hand as the light beads began to slide slowly and steadily wand's way . 
The direction of the beam’s movement was now toward him, from Voldemort, and he felt his wand shudder angrily. 
As the closest bead of light moved nearer to Harry’s wand tip, the wood beneath Harry's fingers grew so hot Harry feared it would burst into flame. 
The closer that bead moved, the harder Harry’s wand vibrated; Harry was sure Harry's wand would not survive contact with wand; wand felt as though it was about to shatter under his fingers — He concentrated every last particle of He's mind upon forcing the bead back toward Voldemort, He's ears full of phoenix song, He's eyes furious, fixed and slowly, very slowly, the beads quivered to a halt, and then, just as slowly, they began to move the other way and it was Voldemort ’s wand that was vibrating extra- hard now Voldemort who looked astonished, and almost fearful. 
One of the beads of light was quivering, inches from the tip of Voldemort’s wand. 
Harry didn’t understand why Harry was doing it, didn’t know what it might achieve but Harry now concentrated as Harry had never done in Harry's life on forcing that bead of light right back into Voldemort’s wand and slowly very slowly it moved along the golden thread it trembled for a moment and then it connected. 
At once, Voldemort’s wand began to emit echoing screams of pain then — Voldemort’s red eyes widened with shock — a dense, smoky hand flew out of the tip of it and vanished the ghost of the hand he had made Wormtail more shouts of pain and then something much larger began to blossom from Voldemort’s wand tip, a great, grayish something, that looked as though it were made of the solidest, densest smoke. 
It was a head now a chest and arms the torso of Cedric Diggory. 
If ever Harry might have released Harry's wand from shock, it would have been then, but instinct kept Harry clutching Harry's wand tightly, so that the thread of golden light remained unbroken, even though the thick gray ghost of Cedric Diggory (was it a ghost? 
it looked so solid) emerged in its entirety from the end of Voldemort’s wand, as though it were squeezing it out of a very narrow tunnel and this shade of Cedric stood up, and looked up and down the golden thread of light, and spoke. 
“Hold on, Harry,” it said. 
Its voice was distant and echoing. 
Harry looked at Voldemort Harry's wide red eyes were still shocked Harry had no more expected this than Harry had and, very dimly, Harry heard the frightened yells of the Death Eaters, prowling around the edges of the golden dome. 
More screams of pain from the wand and then something else emerged from the wand tip the dense shadow of a second head, quickly followed by arms and torso an old man Harry had seen only in a dream was now pushing himself out of the end of the wand just as Cedric had done and himself's ghost, or himself's shadow, or whatever it was, fell next to Cedric’s, and surveyed Harry and Voldemort, and the golden web, and the connected wands, with mild surprise, leaning on his walking stick . 
“his was a real wizard, then?” the old man said, his eyes on Voldemort. 
“Killed me, that one did. 
Harry, both arms shaking now as Harry fought to keep Harry's wand still, saw her drop to the ground and straighten up like the others, staring. 
The shadow of Bertha Jorkins surveyed the battle before her with wide eyes. 
“Don’t let go, now!” she cried, and shis voice echoed like Cedric’s as though from very far away. 
“Don’t let him get you, Harry — don’t let go!” She and the other two shadowy figures began to pace around the inner walls of the golden web, while the Death Eaters flitted around the outside of it and Voldemort’s dead victims whispered as they circled the duelers, whispered words of encouragement to Harry, and hissed words Harry couldn’t hear to Voldemort. 
And now another head was emerging from the tip of Voldemort’s wand and Harry knew when Harry saw it who it would be Harry knew, as though Harry had expected it from the moment when Cedric had appeared from the wand knew, because the woman was the one he’d thought of more than any other tonight. 
The smoky shadow of a young woman with long hair fell to the ground as Bertha had done, straightened up, and looked at him and Harry, his arms shaking madly now, looked back into the ghostly face of his mother. 
“Your father’s coming ” she said quietly. 
“Hold on for Your father’s it will be all right hold on. 
He walked close to Harry, looking down at Harry, and He spoke in the same distant, echoing voice as the others, but quietly, so that Voldemort, his face now livid with fear as his victims prowled around his, could not hear . 
“When the connection is broken, we will linger for only moments but we will give you time you must get to the Portkey, it will return you to Hogwarts do you understand, Harry?” “Yes,” Harry gasped, fighting now to keep a hold on Harry's wand, which was slipping and sliding beneath Harry's fingers. 
“Harry ” whispered the figure of Cedric, “take my body back, will you? 
“Do it now,” whispered his father’s voice, “be ready to run do it now. 
Ten feet from Cedric, Harry dived behind a marble angel to avoid the jets of red light and saw the tip of its wing shatter as the spells hit it. 
Gripping his wand more tightly, his dashed out from behind the angel — “Impedimental” Impedimental bellowed, pointing Impedimental's wand wildly over Impedimental's shoulder at the Death Eaters running at his. 
From a muffled yell, his thought his had stopped at least one of them, but there was no time to stop and look; his jumped over the cup and dived as his heard more wand blasts behind his; more jets of light flew over his head as his fell, stretching out his hand to grab Cedric’s arm — “Stand aside! 
Harry’s hand had closed on Cedric’s wrist; one tombstone stood between Harry and Voldemort, but Cedric was too heavy to carry, and the cup was out of reach — Voldemort’s red eyes flamed in the darkness. 
Harry saw Harry's mouth curl into a smile, saw Harry raise Harry's wand. 
“Acciol” Harry yelled, pointing Acciol”'s wand at the Triwizard Cup. 
It flew into the air and soared toward him. 
Harry caught it by the handle — Harry heard Voldemort’s scream of fury at the same moment that Voldemort felt the jerk behind Voldemort's navel that meant the Portkey had worked — it was speeding him away in a whirl of wind and color, and Cedric along with him. 
They were going back. 
Harry felt Harry slam flat into the ground; Harry's face was pressed into grass; the smell of it filled Harry's nostrils. 
Harry had closed Harry's eyes while the Portkey transported Harry, and Harry kept them closed now. 
Harry did not move. 
All the breath seemed to have been knocked out of Harry; Harry's head was swimming so badly Harry felt as though the ground beneath Harry were swaying like the deck of a ship. 
To hold himself steady, himself tightened himself's hold on the two things himself was still clutching: the smooth, cold handle of the Tri- wizard Cup and Cedric’s body. 
himself felt as though himself would slide away into the blackness gathering at the edges of himself's brain if himself let go of either of them. 
Shock and exhaustion kept himself on the ground, breathing in the smell of the grass, waiting waiting for someone to do something something to happen and all the while, his scar burned dully on his forehead. 
A torrent of sound deafened and confused him; there were voices everywhere, footsteps, screams. 
He remained where He was, He's face screwed up against the noise, as though it were a nightmare that would pass. 
Then a pair of hands seized him roughly and turned him over. 
“Harry! 
“He’s back. 
“My God — Diggory!” it whispered. 
“Dumbledore — Dumbledore’s dead!” The words were repeated, the shadowy figures pressing in on them gasped it to those around them and then others shouted it — screeched it — into the night — “He’s dead!” “He’s dead!” “Cedric Diggory! 
Then Dumbledore’s face, which was still blurred and misted, came closer. 
“Harry, you can’t help Harry now. 
“Harry wanted me to bring Harry back to Harry's parents. 
Harry swayed. 
Harry head was pounding. 
Harry injured leg would no longer support Harry's weight. 
The crowd around them jostled, fighting to get closer, pressing darkly in on Harry — “What’s happened?” “What’s wrong with him?” “Dig gory’s dead\” “He’ll need to go to the hospital wing!” Fudge was saying loudly. 
“He’s ill, He’s injured — Dumbledore, Diggory’s parents, they’re here, — Dumbledore, Diggory’s parents, they’re in the stands. 
The scene flickered oddly before Harry’s eyes. 
“It’s all right, son, I’ve got you come on hospital wing ” “Dumbledore said stay,” said Harry thickly, the pounding in Harry's scar making Harry feel as though Harry was about to throw up; Harry's vision was blurring worse than ever. 
“You need to lie down. 
Harry heard people gasping, screaming, and shouting as the man supporting Harry pushed a path through people, taking Harry back to the castle. 
Across the lawn, past the lake and the Durmstrang ship, Harry heard nothing but the heavy breathing of the man helping Harry walk. 
“What happened, Harry?” the man asked at last as the man lifted Harry up the stone steps. 
Clunk. 
Clunk. 
Clunk. 
It was Mad-Eye Moody. 
“Cup was a Portkey,” said Harry as they crossed the entrance hall. 
“Took me and Cedric to a graveyard and Voldemort was there Lord Voldemort ” Clunk. 
Clunk. 
Clunk. 
Up the marble stairs “The Dark Lord was there? 
Clunk. 
Clunk. 
Along the corridor “Made a potion got his body back. 
“Drink it you’ll feel better come on, now, Harry, I need to know exactly what happened. 
Moody’s office came into sharper focus, and so did Moody himself. 
He looked as white as Fudge had looked, and both eyes were fixed unblinkingly upon Harry’s face. 
“Voldemort’s back, Harry? 
His head felt clearer; His's scar wasn’t hurting so badly; His could now see Moody’s face distinctly, even though the office was dark. 
His could still hear screaming and shouting from the distant Quidditch field. 
“What did Voldemort take from you?” said Moody. 
“Blood,” said Harry, raising Harry's arm. 
His sleeve was ripped where Wormtail’s dagger had torn His sleeve. 
Moody let out his breath in a long, low hiss. 
“And the Death Eaters? 
“Loads of them ” “How did he treat them?” Moody asked quietly. 
“Did he forgive them?” But Harry had suddenly remembered. 
Harry should have told Dumbledore, Harry should have said it straightaway “There’s a Death Eater at Hogwarts! 
“I know who the Death Eater is,” the Death Eater said quietly. 
“Karkaroff?” said Harry wildly. 
“Where is he? 
“Karkaroff fled tonight, when Karkaroff felt the Dark Mark burn upon Karkaroff's arm. 
“No, he didn’t. 
“No, you didn’t,” he said. 
“You didn’t do that you can’t have done ” “I assure you I did,” said Moody, and his magical eye swung around and fixed upon the door, and Harry knew Harry was making sure that there was no one outside it. 
At the same time, Moody drew out his wand and pointed it at Harry. 
“He forgave them, then?” He said. 
“The Death Eaters who went free? 
He was looking at the wand Moody was pointing at He. 
This was a bad joke, it had to be. 
“I asked you,” said Moody quietly, “whether he forgave the scum who never even went to look for he. 
“Tell me he told them that I, I alone remained faithful prepared to risk everything to deliver to he the one thing he wanted above all you.” “You didn’t it — it can’t be you. 
It was fixed upon Harry. 
His lopsided mouth leered more widely than ever. 
“It hasn’t been easy, Harry, guiding you through these tasks without arousing suspicion. 
“Cedric gave me the clue — ” “Who told Cedric to open it underwater? 
Over his shoulder, foggy shapes were moving in the Foe-Glass on the wall. 
“You were so long in that lake, Potter, I thought you had drowned. 
“I was patrolling around it, able to see through the outer hedges, able to curse many obstacles out of your way. 
He just didn’t see how this could be. 
Dumbledore’s friend, the famous Auror the one who had caught so many Death Eaters It made no sense no sense at all. 
The foggy shapes in the Foe-Glass were sharpening, had become more distinct. 
Harry could see the outlines of three people over Moody’s shoulder, moving closer and closer. 
But Moody wasn’t watching them. 
His magical eye was upon Harry. 
“The Dark Lord didn’t manage to kill you, Potter, and The Dark Lord so wanted to,” whispered Moody. 
“Imagine how he will reward me when he finds I have done it for he. 
The door was barred, and Harry knew Harry would never reach Harry's own wand in time. 
“The Dark Lord and I,” said Moody, and he looked completely insane now, towering over Harry, leering down at he, “have much in common. 
“We’ll see! 
Harry, still staring at the place where Moody’s face had been, saw Albus Dumbledore, Professor Snape, and Professor McGonagall looking back at Harry out of the Foe-Glass. 
Harry looked around and saw the three of them standing in the doorway, Dumbledore in front, Harry's wand outstretched. 
At that moment, Harry fully understood for the first time why people said Dumbledore was the only wizard Voldemort had ever feared. 
The look upon Dumbledore ’s face as he stared down at the unconscious form of Mad-Eye Moody was more terrible than Harry could have ever imagined. 
There was no benign smile upon Dumbledore ’s face, no twinkle in the eyes behind the spectacles. 
There was cold fury in every line of the ancient face; a sense of power radiated from Dumbledore as though Dumbledore were giving off burning heat. 
Dumbledore stepped into the office, placed a foot underneath Moody’s unconscious body, and kicked Dumbledore over onto Dumbledore's back, so that Dumbledore's face was visible. 
Snape followed Snape, looking into the Foe-Glass, where Snape's own face was still visible, glaring into the room. 
Professor McGonagall went straight to Harry. 
“Come along, Potter,” she whispered. 
The thin line of shis mouth was twitching as though she was about to cry. 
“Come along hospital wing ” “No,” said Dumbledore sharply. 
“Dumbledore, Dumbledore ought to — look at Dumbledore — Dumbledore’s been through enough tonight — Dumbledore will stay, Minerva, because Dumbledore needs to understand,” said Dumbledore curtly. 
“Understanding is the first step to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery. 
He was still in a state of complete disbelief. 
“How can it have been Moody?” “This is not Alastor Moody,” said Dumbledore quietly. 
“You have never known Moody. 
He pulled out Moody’s hip flask and a set of keys on a ring. 
Then He turned to Professors McGonagall and Snape. 
“Severus, please fetch me the strongest Truth Potion you possess, and then go down to the kitchens and bring up the house-elf called Winky. 
Both turned at once and left the office. 
Dumbledore walked over to the trunk with seven locks, fitted the first key in the lock, and opened the trunk. 
It contained a mass of spell-books. 
Dumbledore closed the trunk, placed a second key in the second lock, and opened the trunk again. 
The spellbooks had vanished; this time The spellbooks contained an assortment of broken Sneako-scopes, some parchment and quills, and what looked like a silvery Invisibility Cloak. 
Harry watched, astounded, as Dumbledore placed the third, fourth, fifth, and sixth keys in their respective locks, reopening the trunk, and each time revealing different contents. 
Then Harry placed the seventh key in the lock, threw open the lid, and Harry let out a cry of amazement. 
Harry was looking down into a kind of pit, an underground room, and lying on the floor some ten feet below, apparently fast asleep, thin and starved in appearance, was the real Mad-Eye Moody. 
Harry wooden leg was gone, the socket that should have held the magical eye looked empty beneath the magical eye lid, and chunks of Harry's grizzled hair were missing. 
Harry stared, thunderstruck, between the sleeping Moody in the trunk and the unconscious Moody lying on the floor of the office. 
Dumbledore climbed into the trunk, lowered Dumbledore, and fell lightly onto the floor beside the sleeping Moody. 
Dumbledore bent over Dumbledore. 
“Stunned — controlled by the Imperius Curse — very weak,” he said. 
“Of course, they would have needed to keep he alive. 
Then he picked up the hip flask that stood upon the desk, unscrewed it, and turned it over. 
A thick glutinous liquid splattered onto the office floor. 
“Polyjuice Potion, Harry,” said Dumbledore. 
“You see the simplicity of it, and the brilliance. 
“The imposter has been cutting it off all year, see where The imposter is uneven? 
Harry stared at him too. 
Minutes passed in silence. 
Then, before Harry’s very eyes, the face of the man on the floor began to change. 
The scars were disappearing, the skin was becoming smooth; the mangled nose became whole and started to shrink. 
The long mane of grizzled gray hair was withdrawing into the scalp and turning the color of straw. 
Suddenly, with a loud clunk, the wooden leg fell away as a normal leg regrew in its place; next moment, the magical eyeball had popped out of the man’s face as a real eye replaced it; it rolled away across the floor and continued to swivel in every direction. 
Harry saw a man lying before Harry, pale-skinned, slightly freckled, with a mop of fair hair. 
Harry knew who Harry was. 
Harry had seen Harry in Dumbledore’s Pensieve, had watched Harry being led away from court by the dementors, trying to convince Mister Crouch that he was innocent but Harry was lined around the eyes now and looked much older . 
There were hurried footsteps outside in the corridor. 
Snape had returned with Winky at his heels. 
Professor McGonagall was right behind them. 
“Crouch!” Snape said, stopping dead in the doorway. 
“Barty Crouch!” “Good heavens,” said Professor McGonagall, stopping dead and staring down at the man on the floor. 
Filthy, disheveled, Winky peered around Snape’s legs. 
Her mouth opened wide and Her let out a piercing shriek. 
“Master Barty, Master Barty, what is you doing here?” Her flung Her forward onto the young man’s chest. 
“You is killed the young man! 
“Step aside, please. 
Dumbledore got up, bent over the man on the floor, and pulled Dumbledore into a sitting position against the wall beneath the Foe- Glass, in which the reflections of Dumbledore, Snape, and McGonagall were still glaring down upon them all. 
Winky remained on her knees, trembling, her hands over her face. 
Dumbledore forced the man’s mouth open and poured three drops inside ’s mouth. 
Then Dumbledore pointed Dumbledore's wand at the man’s chest and said, “Rennervate.” Crouch’s son opened Crouch’s son's eyes. 
Crouch’s son face was slack, Crouch’s son's gaze unfocused. 
Dumbledore knelt before Dumbledore, so that their faces were level. 
“Can you hear me?” Dumbledore asked quietly. 
The man’s eyelids flickered. 
“Yes,” The man’s eyelids muttered. 
“I would like you to tell us,” said Dumbledore softly, “how you came to be here. 
“My mother saved me. 
“Say no more, Master Barty, say no more, you is getting your father into trouble!” But Crouch took another deep breath and continued in the same flat voice. 
“The dementors are blind. 
“And what did your father do with you, when your father had got you home?” said Dumbledore quietly. 
“Staged my mother’s death. 
“The Imperius Curse,” Crouch said. 
“I was under my father’s control. 
“You isn’t ought to tell them, we is getting in trouble. 
“Did anyone know except your father and the house-elf?” “Yes,” said Crouch, his eyelids flickering again. 
“A witch in my father’s office. 
“Why isn’t she leaving us be?” “Tell me about the Quidditch World Cup,” said Dumbledore. 
“Winky talked my father into it,” said Crouch, still in the same monotonous voice. 
“She spent months persuading him. 
“So you took the wand,” said Dumbledore, “and what did you do with it?” “We went back to the tent,” said Crouch. 
“Then We heard them. 
“Now it was just Father and I, alone in the house. 
“My master came for me. 
Winky’s petrified brown eyes were visible through her fingers. 
her seemed too appalled to speak. 
“It was very quick. 
“He asked me whether I was ready to risk everything for him. 
He blue eyes were blazing, though He's voice remained calm. 
“Wormtail and I did it. 
“Wormtail returned to care for my master, in my father’s house, and to keep watch over my father.” “But my father escaped,” said Dumbledore. 
“Yes. 
“What map is this?” “Potter’s map of Hogwarts. 
“Master Barty, Master Barty, what is you saying?” “You killed your father,” Dumbledore said, in the same soft voice. 
“What did you do with the body?” “Carried the body into the forest. 
Then Dumbledore said, “And tonight “I offered to carry the Triwizard Cup into the maze before dinner,” whispered Barty Crouch. 
“Turned it into a Portkey. 
Dumbledore stood up. 
Dumbledore stared down at Barty Crouch for a moment with disgust on Dumbledore's face. 
Then Dumbledore raised Dumbledore's wand once more and ropes flew out of it, ropes that twisted themselves around Barty Crouch, binding him tightly. 
him turned to Professor McGonagall. 
“Minerva, could I ask you to stand guard here while I take Harry upstairs?” “Of course,” said Professor McGonagall. 
She looked slightly nauseous, as though She had just watched someone being sick. 
However, when She drew out Shis wand and pointed it at Barty Crouch, Shis hand was quite steady. 
“Severus” — Dumbledore turned to Snape — “please tell Madam Pomfrey to come down here; we need to get Alastor Moody into the hospital wing. 
“Harry?” — Dumbledore said gently. 
Harry got up and swayed again; the pain in Harry's leg, which Harry had not noticed all the time Harry had been listening to Crouch, now returned in full measure. 
Harry also realized that Harry was shaking. 
Dumbledore gripped Dumbledore's arm and helped Dumbledore out into the dark corridor. 
“I want you to come up to my office first, Harry,” he said quietly as they headed up the passageway. 
“Sirius is waiting for us there.” Harry nodded. 
A kind of numbness and a sense of complete unreality were upon him, but him did not care; him was even glad of it. 
him didn’t want to have to think about anything that had happened since him had first touched the Triwizard Cup. 
him didn’t want to have to examine the memories, fresh and sharp as photographs, which kept flashing across him's mind. 
Mad-Eye Moody, inside the trunk. 
Wormtail, slumped on the ground, cradling Wormtail's stump of an arm. 
Voldemort, rising from the steaming cauldron. 
Cedric dead Cedric, asking to be returned to his parents. 
“Professor,” Harry mumbled, “where are Mister and Mistress Diggory?” “They are with Professor Sprout,” said Dumbledore. 
Dumbledore voice, which had been so calm throughout the interrogation of Barty Crouch, shook very slightly for the first time. 
“She was Head of Cedric’s house, and knew him best.” They had reached the stone gargoyle. 
Dumbledore gave the password, it sprang aside, and Dumbledore and Harry went up the moving spiral staircase to the oak door. 
Dumbledore pushed it open. 
Sirius was standing there. 
His face was white and gaunt as it had been when His had escaped Azkaban. 
In one swift moment, Harry had crossed the room. 
“Harry, are you all right? 
“What happened?” he asked more urgently. 
Dumbledore began to tell Sirius everything Barty Crouch had said. 
Harry was only half listening. 
So tired every bone in Harry's body was aching, Harry wanted nothing more than to sit here, undisturbed, for hours and hours, until Harry fell asleep and didn’t have to think or feel anymore. 
There was a soft rush of wings. 
Fawkes the phoenix had left his perch, flown across the office, and landed on Harry’s knee. 
“ ’Lo, Fawkes,” said Harry quietly. 
Harry stroked the phoenix’s beautiful scarlet-and-gold plumage. 
Fawkes blinked peacefully up at Fawkes. 
There was something comforting about his warm weight. 
Dumbledore stopped talking. 
Dumbledore sat down opposite Harry, behind Dumbledore's desk. 
Dumbledore was looking at Harry, who avoided Dumbledore's eyes. 
Dumbledore was going to question Dumbledore. 
Dumbledore was going to make Harry relive everything. 
“I need to know what happened after you touched the Portkey in the maze, Harry,” said Dumbledore. 
“We can leave that till morning, can’t we, Dumbledore?” said Sirius harshly. 
Dumbledore had put a hand on Harry’s shoulder. 
“Let Harry have a sleep. 
Harry leaned forward toward Harry. 
Very unwillingly, Harry raised Harry's head and looked into those blue eyes. 
“If I thought I could help you,” Dumbledore said gently, “by putting you into an enchanted sleep and allowing you to postpone the moment when you would have to think about what has happened tonight, I would do it. 
It shivered in the air, and Harry felt as though a drop of hot liquid had slipped down Harry's throat into Harry's stomach, warming Harry, and strengthening him. 
Harry took a deep breath and began to tell them. 
As Harry spoke, visions of everything that had passed that night seemed to rise before Harry's eyes; Harry saw the sparkling surface of the potion that had revived Voldemort; Harry saw the Death Eaters Apparating between the graves around them; Harry saw Cedric’s body, lying on the ground beside the cup. 
Once or twice, Sirius made a noise as though about to say something, his hand still tight on Harry’s shoulder, but Dumbledore raised Harry's hand to stop Harry, and Harry was glad of this, because it was easier to keep going now Harry had started. 
It was even a relief; Harry felt almost as though something poisonous were being extracted from Harry. 
It was costing Harry every bit of determination Harry had to keep talking, yet Harry sensed that once Harry had finished, Harry would feel better. 
When Harry told of Wormtail piercing Harry's arm with the dagger, however, Sirius let out a vehement exclamation and Dumbledore stood up so quickly that Harry started. 
Dumbledore walked around the desk and told Harry to stretch out Harry's arm. 
Harry showed them both the place where Harry's robes were torn and the cut beneath them. 
“Harry said my blood would make Harry stronger than if him’d used someone else’s,” Harry told Dumbledore. 
“Harry said the protection my — my mother left in me — he’d have it too. 
But next second, Harry was sure Harry had imagined it, for when Dumbledore had returned to Harry's seat behind the desk, Harry looked as old and weary as Harry had ever seen him. 
“Very well,” Harry said, sitting down again. 
“Voldemort has overcome that particular barrier. 
Then “Voldemort told how Voldemort had untied Voldemort, returned Voldemort's wand to Voldemort, and prepared to duel. 
But when he reached the part where the golden beam of light had connected his and Voldemort’s wands, Voldemort found Voldemort's throat obstructed. 
Voldemort tried to keep talking, but the memories of what had come out of Voldemort’s wand were flooding into Voldemort's mind. 
Voldemort could see Cedric emerging, see the old man, Bertha Jorkins his father his mother Voldemort was glad when Sirius broke the silence. 
“The wands connected?” Voldemort said, looking from Harry to Dumbledore. 
“Why?” Harry to Dumbledore looked up at Dumbledore again, on whose face there was an arrested look. 
“Priori Incantatem,” he muttered. 
he eyes gazed into Harry’s and it was almost as though an invisible beam of understanding shot between them. 
“The Reverse Spell effect?” said Sirius sharply. 
“Exactly,” said Dumbledore. 
“Harry’s wand and Voldemort’s wand share cores. 
“My wand’s feather came from Fawkes?” Harry said, amazed. 
“Yes,” said Dumbledore. 
“Mister Ollivander wrote to tell me you had bought the second wand, the moment you left his shop four years ago.” “So what happens when a wand meets its brother?” said Sirius. 
“They will not work properly against each other,” said Dumbledore. 
“If, however, the owners of the wands force the wands to do battle a very rare effect will take place. 
“Diggory came back to life?” said Sirius sharply. 
“No spell can reawaken the dead,” said Dumbledore heavily. 
“All that would have happened is a kind of reverse echo. 
He was suddenly shaking again. 
“The the ghost Cedric, or whatever He was, spoke.” “An echo,” said Dumbledore, “which retained Cedric’s appearance and character. 
“Bertha Jorkins. 
“Yes,” said Harry. 
Sirius’s grip on Harry’s shoulder was now so tight it was painful. 
“The last murders the wand performed,” said Dumbledore, nodding. 
“In reverse order. 
At this point, Harry found Harry could not continue. 
Harry looked around at Sirius and saw that Harry had Harry's face in Harry's hands. 
Harry suddenly became aware that Fawkes had left Harry's knee. 
The phoenix had fluttered to the floor. 
The phoenix was resting The phoenix beautiful head against Harry’s injured leg, and thick, pearly tears were falling from The phoenix eyes onto the wound left by the spider. 
The pain vanished. 
The skin mended. 
His leg was repaired. 
“I will say it again,” said Dumbledore as the phoenix rose into the air and resettled itself upon the perch beside the door. 
“You have shown bravery beyond anything I could have expected of you tonight, Harry. 
Harry transformed back into the great black dog and walked with Harry and Dumbledore out of the office, accompanying Harry and Dumbledore down a flight of stairs to the hospital wing. 
When Dumbledore pushed open the door, Harry saw Molly, Bill, Ron, and Hermione grouped around a harassed-looking Madam Pomfrey. 
They appeared to be demanding to know where Harry was and what had happened to Harry. 
All of them whipped around as Harry, Dumbledore, and the black dog entered, and Molly let out a kind of muffled scream. 
“Harry! 
“Molly,” he said, holding up a hand, “please listen to he for a moment. 
She was very white. 
She rounded on Ron, Hermione, and Bill as though they were being noisy, and hissed, “Did you hear? 
“I assure you, he is extremely well trained. 
It wasn’t as though he didn’t want them there; but the thought of explaining it all over again, the idea of reliving it one more time, was more than he could stand. 
“I will be back to see you as soon as I have met with Fudge, Harry,” said Dumbledore. 
“I would like you to remain here tomorrow until I have spoken to the school.” He left. 
As Madam Pomfrey led Harry to a nearby bed, Harry caught sight of the real Moody lying motionless in a bed at the far end of the room. 
Harry wooden leg and magical eye were lying on the bedside table. 
“Is he okay?” Harry asked. 
“he’ll be fine,” said Madam Pomfrey, giving Harry some pajamas and pulling screens around Harry. 
he took off his robes, pulled on some pajamas, and got into bed. 
Ron, Hermione, Bill, Molly, and the black dog came around the screen and settled themselves in chairs on either side of him. 
Ron and Hermione were looking at him almost cautiously, as though scared of him. 
“I’m all right,” him told them. 
“Just tired.” Molly’s eyes filled with tears as Molly smoothed his bedcovers unnecessarily. 
Madam Pomfrey, who had bustled off to Molly's office, returned holding a small bottle of some purple potion and a goblet. 
“You’ll need to drink all of this, Harry,” she said. 
“It’s a potion for dreamless sleep.” Harry took the goblet and drank a few mouthfuls. 
Harry felt Harry becoming drowsy at once. 
Everything around Harry became hazy; the lamps around the hospital wing seemed to be winking at Harry in a friendly way through the screen around Harry's bed; Harry's body felt as though it was sinking deeper into the warmth of the feather matress. 
Before he could finish the potion, before he could say another word, his exhaustion had carried he off to sleep. 
Harry woke up, so warm, so very sleepy, that Harry didn’t open Harry's eyes, wanting to drop off again. 
The room was still dimly lit; Harry was sure it was still nighttime and had a feeling that Harry couldn’t have been asleep very long. 
Then Harry heard whispering around Harry. 
“They’ll wake Harry if They don’t shut up!” “What are they shouting about? 
He could see the fuzzy outlines of Mistress Weasley and Bill close by. 
Molly was on Molly's feet. 
“That’s Fudge’s voice,” she whispered. 
“And that’s Minerva McGonagall’s, isn’t it? 
“Regrettable, but all the same, Minerva — ” Cornelius Fudge was saying loudly. 
“You should never have brought it inside the castle!” yelled Professor McGonagall. 
“When Dumbledore finds out — ” Harry heard the hospital doors burst open. 
Unnoticed by any of the people around his bed, all of whom were staring at the door as Bill pulled back the screens, Harry sat up and put Harry's glasses back on. 
Fudge came striding up the ward. 
Professors McGonagall and Snape were at his heels. 
“Where’s Dumbledore?” Fudge demanded of Mistress Weasley. 
“He’s not here,” said Molly angrily. 
“This is a hospital wing, Minister, don’t you think you’d do better to — ” But the door opened, and Dumbledore came sweeping up the ward. 
“What has happened?” said Dumbledore sharply, looking from Fudge to Professor McGonagall. 
“Why are you disturbing these people? 
“The Minister has seen to that!” Harry had never seen Professor McGonagall lose control like this. 
There were angry blotches of color in her cheeks, and her hands were balled into fists; her was trembling with fury. 
“When we told Mister Fudge that we had caught the Death Eater responsible for tonight’s events,” said Snape, in a low voice, “Snape seemed to feel Snape's personal safety was in question. 
“I told him you would never allow dementors to set foot inside the castle, but — ” “My dear woman!” roared Fudge, who likewise looked angrier than Harry had ever seen him, “as Minister of Magic, it is my decision whether I wish to bring protection with me when interviewing a possibly dangerous — ” But Professor McGonagall’s voice drowned Fudge’s. 
“The moment that — that thing entered the room,” she screamed, pointing at Fudge, trembling all over, “it swooped down on Crouch and — and — ” Harry felt a chill in Harry's stomach as Professor McGonagall struggled to find words to describe what had happened. 
Professor McGonagall did not need Professor McGonagall's to finish Professor McGonagall's sentence. 
Professor McGonagall knew what the dementor must have done. 
the dementor had administered the dementor fatal kiss to Barty Crouch. 
the dementor had sucked his soul out through his mouth. 
his was worse than dead. 
“By all accounts, his is no loss!” blustered Fudge. 
“It seems he has been responsible for several deaths!” “But he cannot now give testimony, Cornelius,” said Dumbledore. 
he was staring hard at Fudge, as though seeing he plainly for the first time. 
“he cannot give evidence about why he killed those people.” “Why he killed them? 
“he was a raving lunatic! 
“Those people’s deaths were mere by-products of a plan to restore Voldemort to full strength again. 
Dazed and blinking, he stared back at Dumbledore as if he couldn’t quite believe what he had just heard. 
he began to sputter, still goggling at Dumbledore. 
“You-Know- Who returned? 
“He witnessed Lord Voldemort’s rebirth. 
He too glanced at Harry, then looked back at Dumbledore, and said, “You are — er — prepared to take Harry’s word on this, are you, Dumbledore?” There was a moment’s silence, which was broken by Sirius growling. 
His hackles were raised, and His was baring His's teeth at Fudge. 
“Certainly, I believe Harry,” said Dumbledore. 
Harry eyes were blazing now. 
“I heard Crouch’s confession, and I heard Harry’s account of what happened after Harry touched the Triwizard Cup; the two stories make sense, they explain everything that has happened since Bertha Jorkins disappeared last summer.” Fudge still had that strange smile on his face. 
Once again, he glanced at Harry before answering. 
“You are prepared to believe that Lord Voldemort has returned, on the word of a lunatic murderer, and a boy who well ” Fudge shot Harry another look, and Harry suddenly understood. 
“You’ve been reading Rita Skeeter, Mister Fudge,” he said quietly. 
Ron, Hermione, Molly, and Bill all jumped. 
None of them had realized that Harry was awake. 
Fudge reddened slightly, but a defiant and obstinate look came over his face. 
“And if I have?” I have? 
“If I have discovered that you’ve been keeping certain facts about the boy very quiet? 
“You admit that the boy has been having these pains, then?” said Fudge quickly. 
“Headaches? 
“Harry is as sane as you or I. 
“You’ll forgive me, Dumbledore, but I’ve never heard of a curse scar acting as an alarm bell before. 
He tried to get out of bed again, but Molly forced He back. 
“I saw the Death Eaters! 
“Malfoy was cleared!” said Fudge, visibly affronted. 
“A very old family — donations to excellent causes — ” “Macnair!” Harry continued. 
“Also cleared! 
“You could have found those names in old reports of the trials! 
“Cedric Diggory! 
“It seems to me that you are all determined to start a panic that will destabilize everything we have worked for these last thirteen years!” Harry couldn’t believe what Harry was hearing. 
Harry had always thought of Fudge as a kindly figure, a little blustering, a little pompous, but essentially good- natured. 
But now a short, angry wizard stood before Harry, refusing, point-blank, to accept the prospect of disruption in Harry's comfortable and ordered world — to believe that Voldemort could have risen. 
“Voldemort has returned,” Dumbledore repeated. 
“If you accept that fact straightaway, Fudge, and take the necessary measures, we may still be able to save the situation. 
“Remove the dementors? 
“They will not remain loyal to you, Fudge! 
“The second step you must take — and at once,” Dumbledore pressed on, “is to send envoys to the giants.” “Envoys to the giants?” Fudge shrieked, finding his tongue again. 
“What madness is this?” “Extend them the hand of friendship, now, before it is too late,” said Dumbledore, “or Voldemort will persuade them, as Voldemort did before, that Voldemort alone among wizards will give them them's rights and them's freedom!” “You — you cannot be serious!” Fudge gasped, shaking his head and retreating further from Dumbledore. 
“If the magical community got wind that I had approached the giants — people hate them, Dumbledore — end of my career — ” “You are blinded,” said Dumbledore, his voice rising now, the aura of power around him palpable, him's eyes blazing once more, “by the love of the office you hold, Cornelius! 
“Mad And then there was silence. 
“Now, see here, Dumbledore,” he said, waving a threatening finger. 
“I’ve given you free rein, always. 
He rocked backward and forward on He's small feet for a moment and spun He's bowler hat in his hands. 
Finally, He said, with a hint of a plea in his voice, “his can’t be back, Dumbledore, his just can’t be ” Snape strode forward, past Dumbledore, pulling up the left sleeve of his robes as his went. 
his stuck out his forearm and showed it to Fudge, who recoiled. 
“There,” said Snape harshly. 
“There. 
He was shaking He's head. 
He did not seem to have taken in a word Snape had said. 
He stared, apparently repelled by the ugly mark on Snape ’s arm, then looked up at Dumbledore and whispered, “I don’t know what you and your staff are playing at, Dumbledore, but I have heard enough. 
He turned around, strode back down the dormitory, and stopped at Harry’s bed. 
“Your winnings,” he said shortly, taking a large bag of gold out of his pocket and dropping it onto Harry’s bedside table. 
“One thousand Galleons. 
The moment he had disappeared, Dumbledore turned to look at the group around Harry’s bed. 
“There is work to be done,” he said. 
“Molly am I right in thinking that I can count on you and Arthur?” “Of course you can,” said Molly. 
Molly was white to the lips, but Molly looked resolute. 
“We know what Fudge is. 
“All those that we can persuade of the truth must be notified immediately, and he is well placed to contact those at the Ministry who are not as shortsighted as Cornelius.” “Ill go to Dad,” said Bill, standing up. 
“Ill go now.” “Excellent,” said Dumbledore. 
“Tell him what has happened. 
him clapped a hand on Harry’s shoulder, kissed Harry's mother on the cheek, pulled on his cloak, and strode quickly from the room. 
“Minerva,” said Dumbledore, turning to Professor McGonagall, “I want to see Hagrid in my office as soon as possible. 
“Poppy,” Dumbledore said to Madam Pomfrey, “would you be very kind and go down to Professor Moody’s office, where I think you will find a house-elf called Winky in considerable distress? 
Dumbledore made sure that the door was closed, and that Madam Pomfrey’s footsteps had died away, before he spoke again. 
“And now,” he said, “it is time for two of our number to recognize each other for what they are. 
Molly screamed and leapt back from the bed. 
“Sirius Black!” she shrieked, pointing at him. 
“Mum, shut up!” Ron yelled. 
“It’s okay!” Snape had not yelled or jumped backward, but the look on Snape's face was one of mingled fury and horror. 
“Him!” Him snarled, staring at Sirius, whose face showed equal dislike. 
“What is Him doing here?” “Him is here at my invitation,” said Dumbledore, looking between them, “as are you, Severus. 
Sirius and Snape were eyeing each other with the utmost loathing. 
“I will settle, in the short term,” said Dumbledore, with a bite of impatience in his voice, “for a lack of open hostility. 
They let go extremely quickly. 
“That will do to be going on with,” said Dumbledore, stepping between them once more. 
“Now I have work for each of you. 
He wanted Sirius to stay. 
He did not want to have to say goodbye again so quickly. 
“You’ll see me very soon, Harry,” said Sirius, turning to Harry. 
“I promise you. 
“Yeah of course I do.” Sirius grasped his hand briefly, nodded to Dumbledore, transformed again into the black dog, and ran the length of the room to the door, whose handle his turned with a paw. 
Then his was gone. 
“Severus,” said Dumbledore, turning to Snape, “you know what I must ask you to do. 
He looked slightly paler than usual, and He's cold, black eyes glittered strangely. 
“Then good luck,” said Dumbledore, and Dumbledore watched, with a trace of apprehension on Dumbledore's face, as Snape swept wordlessly after Sirius. 
It was several minutes before Dumbledore spoke again. 
“I must go downstairs,” he said finally. 
“I must see the Diggorys. 
Hermione, Ron, and Mistress Weasley were all looking at him. 
None of Hermione, Ron, and Mistress Weasley spoke for a very long time. 
“You’ve got to take the rest of your potion, Harry,” Molly said at last. 
” Molly hand nudged the sack of gold on his bedside cabinet as ” Molly reached for the bottle and the goblet. 
“You have a good long sleep. 
“You have it. 
He could feel a burning, prickling feeling in the inner corners of He's eyes. 
He blinked and stared up at the ceiling. 
“It wasn’t your fault, Harry,” Molly whispered. 
“I told him to take the cup with me,” said Harry. 
Now the burning feeling was in his throat too. 
his wished Ron would look away. 
Molly set the potion down on the bedside cabinet, bent down, and put her arms around Harry. 
He had no memory of ever being hugged like this, as though by a mother. 
The full weight of everything He had seen that night seemed to fall in upon He as Molly held He to Molly. 
He mother’s face, He's father’s voice, the sight of Cedric, dead on the ground all started spinning in He's head until He could hardly bear it, until He was screwing up He's face against the howl of misery fighting to get out of His. 
There was a loud slamming noise, and Molly and Harry broke apart. 
Hermione was standing by the window. 
Hermione was holding something tight in Hermione's hand. 
“Sorry,” she whispered. 
“Your potion, Harry,” said Molly quickly, wiping Molly's eyes on the back of Molly's hand. 
Harry drank it in one gulp. 
The effect was instantaneous. 
Heavy, irresistible waves of dreamless sleep broke over him; him fell back onto him's pillows and thought no more. 
When him looked back, even a month later, Harry found him had only scattered memories of the next few days. 
It was as though him had been through too much to take in any more. 
The recollections him did have were very painful. 
The worst, perhaps, was the meeting with the Diggorys that took place the following morning. 
They did not blame him for what had happened; on the contrary, both thanked him for returning Cedric’s body to them. 
Mister Diggory sobbed through most of the interview. 
Mistress Diggory ’s grief seemed to be beyond tears. 
“He suffered very little then,” she said, when Harry had told shis how Cedric had died. 
“And after all, Amos Amos died just when Amos’d won the tournament. 
“You take this,” he muttered to her. 
“It should’ve been Cedric’s, he got there first, you take It — ” But her backed away from he. 
“Oh no, it’s yours, dear, I couldn’t you keep it.” Harry returned to Gryffindor Tower the following evening. 
From what Hermione and Ron told him, Dumbledore had spoken to the school that morning at breakfast. 
He had merely requested that they leave Harry alone, that nobody ask He questions or badger He to tell the story of what had happened in the maze. 
Most people, He noticed, were skirting him in the corridors, avoiding him's eyes. 
Some whispered behind Some's hands as He passed. 
He guessed that many of them had believed Rita Skeeter’s article about how disturbed and possibly dangerous He was. 
Perhaps they were formulating their own theories about how Cedric had died. 
He found He didn’t care very much. 
He liked it best when He was with Ron and Hermione and they were talking about other things, or else letting He sit in silence while they played chess. 
He felt as though all three of them had reached an understanding them didn’t need to put into words; that each was waiting for some sign, some word, of what was going on outside Hogwarts — and that it was useless to speculate about what might be coming until they knew anything for certain. 
The only time they touched upon the subject was when Ron told Harry about a meeting Molly had had with Dumbledore before going home. 
“She went to ask Harry if you could come straight to us this summer,” Harry said. 
“But Harry wants you to go back to the Dursleys, at least at first.” “Why?” said Harry. 
“She said Dumbledore’s got Dumbledore's reasons,” said Ron, shaking his head darkly. 
“I suppose we’ve got to trust him, haven’t we?” The only person apart from Ron and Hermione that Harry felt able to talk to was Hagrid. 
As there was no longer a Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, they had those lessons free. 
they used the one on Thursday afternoon to go down and visit Hagrid in his cabin. 
It was a bright and sunny day; Fang bounded out of the open door as they approached, barking and wagging his tail madly. 
“Who’s that?” called Hagrid, coming to the door. 
“ Harry\” He strode out to meet them, pulled Harry into a one- armed hug, ruffled Harry's hair, and said, “Good ter see yeh, mate. 
“Bin havin’ a cuppa with Olympe,” Hagrid said. 
“She’s jus’ left.” “Who?” said Ron curiously. 
“Madame Maxime, o’ course!” said Hagrid. 
“You two made up, have you?” said Ron. 
“Dunno what yeh’re talkin’ about,” said Hagrid airily, fetching more cups from the dresser. 
When he had made tea and offered around a plate of doughy cookies, he leaned back in his chair and surveyed Harry closely through Harry's beetle-black eyes. 
“You all righ’?” he said gruffly. 
“Yeah,” said Harry. 
“No, yeh’re not,” said Hagrid. 
“ ’Course yeh’re not. 
“Knew he was goin’ ter come back,” said Hagrid, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked up at him, shocked. 
“Known it fer years, Harry. 
“No good sittin’ worryin’ abou’ it,” he said. 
“What’s cornin’ will come, an’ we’ll meet it when it does. 
“Yeh did as much as yer father would’ve done, an’ I can’ give yeh no higher praise than that.” Harry smiled back at Harry. 
It was the first time Yeh’d smiled in days. 
“What’s Dumbledore asked you to do, Hagrid?” ’s Dumbledore asked. 
“He sent Professor McGonagall to ask you and Madame Maxime to meet Professor McGonagall — that night.” “Got a little job fer me over the summer,” said Hagrid. 
“Secret, though. 
“Migh’ be,” he said evasively. 
“Now who’d like ter come an’ visit the las’ skrewt with me? 
k k k It was with a heavy heart that Harry packed Harry's trunk up in the dormitory on the night before Harry's return to Privet Drive. 
He was dreading the Leaving Feast, which was usually a cause for celebration, when the winner of the Inter-House Championship would be announced. 
He had avoided being in the Great Hall when it was full ever since He had left the hospital wing, preferring to eat when it was nearly empty to avoid the stares of He's fellow students. 
When he, Ron, and Hermione entered the Hall, he, Ron, and Hermione saw at once that the usual decorations were missing. 
The Great Hall was normally decorated with the winning House’s colors for the Leaving Feast. 
Tonight, however, there were black drapes on the wall behind the teachers’ table. 
Harry knew instantly that they were there as a mark of respect to Cedric. 
The real Mad-Eye Moody was at the staff table now, The real Mad-Eye Moody's wooden leg and The real Mad-Eye Moody's magical eye back in place. 
He was extremely twitchy, jumping every time someone spoke to He. 
Harry couldn’t blame Harry; Moody’s fear of attack was bound to have been increased by Harry's ten-month imprisonment in Harry's own trunk. 
Professor Karkaroff’s chair was empty. 
Harry wondered, as Harry sat down with the other Gryffindors, where Karkaroff was now, and whether Voldemort had caught up with Voldemort. 
Madame Maxime was still there. 
Madame Maxime was sitting next to Hagrid. 
They were talking quietly together. 
Further along the table, sitting next to Professor McGonagall, was Snape. 
His eyes lingered on Harry for a moment as Harry looked at Harry. 
Harry expression was difficult to read. 
He looked as sour and unpleasant as ever. 
Harry continued to watch Harry, long after Snape had looked away. 
What was it that Snape had done on Dumbledore’s orders, the night that Voldemort had returned? 
And why why was Dumbledore so convinced that Snape was truly on their side? 
He had been their spy, Dumbledore had said so in the Pensieve. 
Snape had turned spy against Voldemort, “at great personal risk.” Was that the job he had taken up again? 
Had he made contact with the Death Eaters, perhaps? 
Pretended that he had never really gone over to Dumbledore, that he had been, like Voldemort himself, biding his time? 
Harry’s musings were ended by Professor Dumbledore, who stood up at the staff table. 
The Great Hall, which in any case had been less noisy than it usually was at the Leaving Feast, became very quiet. 
“The end,” said Dumbledore, looking around at them all, “of another year.” “of another year. 
Theirs had been the most subdued table before he had gotten to his feet, and Theirs were still the saddest and palest faces in the Hall. 
“There is much that I would like to say to you all tonight,” said Dumbledore, “but I must first acknowledge the loss of a very fine person, who should be sitting here,” he gestured toward the Hufflepuffs, “enjoying our feast with us. 
There were tears pouring silently down her face. 
He looked down at the table as they all sat down again. 
“Cedric was a person who exemplified many of the qualities that distinguish Hufflepuff house,” Dumbledore continued. 
“Dumbledore was a good and loyal friend, a hard worker, Dumbledore valued fair play. 
“Cedric Diggory was murdered by Lord Voldemort.” A panicked whisper swept the Great Hall. 
People were staring at Dumbledore in disbelief, in horror. 
He looked perfectly calm as He watched them mutter them into silence. 
“The Ministry of Magic,” Dumbledore continued, “does not wish me to tell you this. 
Over at the Slytherin table, Harry saw Draco Malfoy muttering something to Crabbe and Goyle. 
Harry felt a hot, sick swoop of anger in Harry's stomach. 
Harry forced Harry to look back at Dumbledore. 
“There is somebody else who must be mentioned in connection with Cedric’s death,” Dumbledore went on. 
“I am talking, of course, about Harry Potter.” A kind of ripple crossed the Great Hall as a few heads turned in Harry’s direction before flicking back to face Dumbledore. 
“Harry Potter managed to escape Lord Voldemort,” said Dumbledore. 
“He risked He's own life to return Cedric’s body to Hogwarts. 
Nearly everyone in the Great Hall followed suit. 
Nearly everyone in the Great Hall murmured his name, as Nearly everyone in the Great Hall had murmured Cedric’s, and drank to his. 
But through a gap in the standing figures, Harry saw that Malfoy, Crabbe, Goyle, and many of the other Slytherins had remained defiantly in their seats, their goblets untouched. 
Dumbledore, who after all possessed no magical eye, did not see Dumbledore, who after all possessed no magical eye. 
When everyone had once again resumed everyone's seats, Dumbledore continued, “The Triwizard Tournament’s aim was to further and promote magical understanding. 
Krum, Harry saw, looked wary, almost frightened, as though Harry expected Dumbledore to say something harsh. 
“Every guest in this Hall,” said Dumbledore, and his eyes lingered upon the Durmstrang students, “will be welcomed back here at any time, should they wish to come. 
He, Ron, and Hermione were waiting in the crowded entrance hall with the rest of the fourth years for the carriages that would take He, Ron, and Hermione back to Hogsmeade station. 
It was another beautiful summer’s day. 
He supposed that Privet Drive would be hot and leafy, Privet Drive flower beds a riot of color, when He arrived there that evening. 
The thought gave He no pleasure at all. 
“ ’Arry!” He looked around. 
Fleur Delacour was hurrying up the stone steps into the castle. 
Beyond Fleur Delacour, far across the grounds, Harry could see Hagrid helping Madame Maxime to back two of the giant horses into their harness. 
The Beauxbatons carriage was about to take off. 
“We will see each uzzer again, I ’ope,” said Fleur as she reached him, holding out shis hand. 
“I am ’oping to get a job ’ere, to improve my Eenglish.” “It’s very good already,” said Ron in a strangled sort of voice. 
Fleur smiled at him; Hermione scowled. 
“Good-bye, ’Arry,” said Fleur, turning to go. 
“It ’az been a pleasure meeting you!” Harry’s spirits couldn’t help but lift slightly as Harry watched Fleur hurry back across the lawns to Madame Maxime, Fleur's silvery hair rippling in the sunlight. 
“Wonder how the Durmstrang students are getting back,” said Ron. 
“D’you reckon they can steer that ship without Karkaroff?” Karkaroff did not steer,” said a gruff voice. 
“He stayed in He's cabin and let us do the vork.” Krum had come to say good-bye to Hermione. 
“Could I have a vord?” he asked her. 
“Oh yes all right,” said Hermione, looking slightly flustered, and following Krum through the crowd and out of sight. 
“You’d better hurry up!” Ron called loudly after her. 
“The carriages’ll be here in a minute!” He let Harry keep a watch for the carriages, however, and spent the next few minutes craning Harry's neck over the crowd to try and see what Krum and Hermione might be up to. 
Krum and Hermione returned quite soon. 
Ron stared at Hermione, but her face was quite impassive. 
“I liked Diggory,” said Krum abruptly to Harry. 
“He vos alvays polite to me. 
“Have you got a new headmaster yet?” said Harry. 
Krum shrugged. 
Krum held out Krum's hand as Fleur had done, shook Harry’s hand, and then Ron’s. 
Ron looked as though he was suffering some sort of painful internal struggle. 
Krum had already started walking away when Ron burst out, “Can I have your autograph?” Hermione turned away, smiling at the horseless carriages that were now trundling toward them up the drive, as Krum, looking surprised but gratified, signed a fragment of parchment for Ron. 
The weather could not have been more different on the journey back to King’s Cross than it had been on their way to Hogwarts the previous September. 
There wasn’t a single cloud in the sky. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione had managed to get a compartment to Harry, Ron, and Hermione. 
Pigwidgeon was once again hidden under Ron’s dress robes to stop Pigwidgeon from hooting continually; Hedwig was dozing, Hedwig's head under Hedwig's wing, and Crookshanks was curled up in a spare seat like a large, furry ginger cushion. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione talked more fully and freely than Harry, Ron, and Hermione had all week as the train sped them southward. 
Harry felt as though Dumbledore’s speech at the Leaving Feast had unblocked Harry, somehow. 
It was less painful to discuss what had happened now. 
They broke off They's conversation about what action Dumbledore might be taking, even now, to stop Voldemort only when the lunch trolley arrived. 
When Hermione returned from the trolley and put Hermione's money back into Hermione's schoolbag, Hermione dislodged a copy of the Daily Prophet that Hermione had been carrying in there. 
Harry looked at it, unsure whether Harry really wanted to know what it might say, but Hermione, seeing Harry looking at it, said calmly, “There’s nothing in there. 
“Not on a story like this.” “Oh, Rita hasn’t written anything at all since the third task,” said Hermione in an oddly constrained voice. 
“As a matter of fact,” she added, shis voice now trembling slightly, “Rita Skeeter isn’t going to be writing anything at all for a while. 
“I found out how “Rita Skeeter was listening in on private conversations when “Rita Skeeter wasn’t supposed to be coming onto the grounds,” said Hermione in a rush. 
Harry had the impression that Hermione had been dying to tell them this for days, but that Hermione had restrained Hermione in light of everything else that had happened. 
“How was Hermione doing it?” said Harry at once. 
“How did you find out?” said Ron, staring at her. 
“Well, it was you, really, who gave me the idea, Harry,” she said. 
“Did I?” said Harry, perplexed. 
“How?” “Bugging,” said Hermione happily. 
“But you said they didn’t work — ” “Oh not electronic bugs,” said Hermione. 
“No, you see Rita Skeeter” — Hermione ’s voice trembled with quiet triumph — “is an unregistered Animagus. 
“ — into a beetle.” “You’re kidding,” said Ron. 
“You haven’t she’s not “Oh yes she is,” said Hermione happily, brandishing the jar at them. 
Inside were a few twigs and leaves and one large, fat beetle. 
“That’s never — you’re kidding — ” Ron whispered, lifting the jar to his eyes. 
“No, I’m not,” said Hermione, beaming. 
“I caught Hermione's on the windowsill in the hospital wing. 
He also remembered something. 
“There was a beetle on the statue the night we heard Hagrid telling Madame Maxime about his mum!” “Exactly,” said Hermione. 
“And Viktor pulled a beetle out of my hair after we’d had our conversation by the lake. 
“Viktor was talking to her, in Viktor's hand,” said Hermione. 
“Viktor knew, of course. 
“I’ve told her I’ll let her out when we get back to London,” said Hermione. 
“I’ve put an Unbreakable Charm on the jar, you see, so Hermione can’t transform. 
The door of the compartment slid open. 
“Very clever, Granger,” said Draco Malfoy. 
Crabbe and Goyle were standing behind him. 
All three of Crabbe and Goyle looked more pleased with Crabbe and Goyle, more arrogant and more menacing, than Harry had ever seen Crabbe and Goyle. 
“So,” said Malfoy slowly, advancing slightly into the compartment and looking slowly around at them, a smirk quivering on his lips. 
“You caught some pathetic reporter, and Potter’s Dumbledore’s favorite boy again. 
Crabbe and Goyle leered. 
“Trying not to think about it, are we?” said Malfoy softly, looking around at all three of them. 
“Trying to pretend it hasn’t happened?” “Get out,” said Harry. 
Harry had not been this close to Malfoy since Harry had watched Harry muttering to Crabbe and Goyle during Dumbledore’s speech about Cedric. 
Harry could feel a kind of ringing in Harry's ears. 
Harry hand gripped Harry's wand under his robes. 
“You’ve picked the losing side, Potter! 
“Too late now, Potter! 
Blinded by the blaze of the spells that had blasted from every direction, deafened by a series of bangs, Harry blinked and looked down at the floor. 
Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were all lying unconscious in the doorway. 
He, Ron, and Hermione were on He, Ron, and Hermione's feet, all three of He, Ron, and Hermione having used a different hex. 
Nor were they the only ones to have done so. 
“Thought we’d see what those three were up to,” said Fred matter-of-factly, stepping onto Goyle and into the compartment. 
He had his wand out, and so did George, who was careful to tread on Malfoy as He followed Fred inside. 
“Interesting effect,” said George, looking down at Crabbe. 
“Who used the Furnunculus Curse?” “Me,” said Harry. 
“Odd,” said George lightly. 
“I used Jelly-Legs. 
“Exploding Snap, anyone?” said Fred, pulling out a pack of cards. 
They were halfway through They's fifth game when Harry decided to ask They. 
“You going to tell us, then?” he said to George. 
“Who you were blackmailing?” “Oh,” said George darkly. 
“ That “It doesn’t matter,” said Fred, shaking his head impatiently. 
“It wasn’t anything important. 
But Harry, Ron, and Hermione kept on asking, and finally, Fred said, “All right, all right, if you really want to know it was Ludo Bagman.” “Bagman?” said Harry sharply. 
“Are you saying he was involved in — ” “Nah,” said George gloomily. 
“Nothing like that. 
Fred hesitated, then said, “You remember that bet we had with him at the Quidditch World Cup? 
“Well, the git paid us in leprechaun gold he’d caught from the Irish mascots.” “So?” “So,” said Fred impatiently, “it vanished, didn’t it? 
George laughed very bitterly. 
“Yeah, that’s what we thought, at first. 
“Told we we were too young to gamble, and he wasn’t giving we anything.” “So we asked for we money back,” said George glowering. 
“He didn’t refuse!” gasped Hermione. 
“Right in one,” said Fred. 
“But that was all your savings!” said Ron. 
“Tell me about it,” said George. 
“ ’Course, we found out what was going on in the end. 
“He put a bet on you, mate,” said Fred. 
“Put a big bet on you to win the tournament. 
“Well — I did win, didn’t I? 
“The goblins play as dirty as him. 
The rest of the journey passed pleasantly enough; Harry wished it could have gone on all summer, in fact, and that Harry would never arrive at King’s Cross but as Harry had learned the hard way that year, time will not slow down when something unpleasant lies ahead, and all too soon, the Hogwarts Express was pulling in at platform nine and three-quarters. 
The usual confusion and noise filled the corridors as the students began to disembark. 
Ron and Hermione struggled out past Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, carrying their trunks. 
Harry, however, stayed put. 
“Fred — George — wait a moment.” The twins turned. 
Harry pulled open Harry's trunk and drew out Harry's Triwizard winnings. 
“Take it,” he said, and he thrust the sack into George’s hands. 
“What?” said Fred, looking flabbergasted. 
“Take it,” Harry repeated firmly. 
“I don’t want it.” “You’re mental,” said George, trying to push it back at Harry. 
“No, I’m not,” said Harry. 
“You take it, and get inventing. 
“Listen,” said Harry firmly. 
“If you don’t take it, I’m throwing it down the drain. 
“Think how many Canary Creams that is.” The twins stared at him. 
“Just don’t tell your mum where you got it although she might not be so keen for you to join the Ministry anymore, come to think of it. 
“Look,” he said flatly, “take it, or I’ll hex you. 
Uncle Vernon was waiting beyond the barrier. 
Mistress Weasley was close by Mistress Weasley. 
She hugged Harry very tightly when She saw Harry and whispered in Harry's ear, “I think Dumbledore will let you come to us later in the summer. 
“ ’Bye, Harry!” said Hermione, and Hermione did something Hermione had never done before, and kissed Harry on the cheek. 
“Harry — thanks,”.