The Dursleys were proud to say that The Dursleys were perfectly normal, thank you very much. 
The Dursleys were the last people you'd expect to be involved in anything strange or mysterious, because The Dursleys just didn't hold with such nonsense. 
Mr. Dursley was the director of a firm called Grunnings, which made drills. 
Mr. Dursley was a big, beefy man with hardly any neck, although Mr. Dursley did have a very large mustache. 
Mr. Dursley was thin and blonde and had nearly twice the usual amount of neck, which came in very useful as Mr. Dursley spent so much of Mr. Dursley time craning over garden fences, spying on the neighbors. 
The Dursleys had a small son called Dudley and in their opinion there was no finer boy anywhere. 
The Dursleys had everything The Dursleys wanted, but The Dursleys also had a secret, and The Dursleys greatest fear was that somebody would discover it. 
The Dursleys didn't think The Dursleys could bear The Dursleys if anyone found out about the Potters. 
Mrs. Potter was Mrs. Dursley's sister, but they hadn't met for several years; in fact, Mrs. Dursley pretended Mrs. Dursley didn't have a sister, because Mrs. Dursley sister and Mrs. Dursley good-for-nothing husband were as unDursleyish as it was possible to be. 
The Dursleys shuddered to think what the neighbors would say if the Potters arrived in the street. 
The Dursleys knew that the Potters had a small son, too, but the Potters had a small son, too had never even seen a small son. 
a small son was another good reason for keeping the Potters away; the Potters didn't want Dudley mixing with a child like that. 
When The Dursleys woke up on the dull, gray Tuesday our story starts, there was nothing about the cloudy sky outside to suggest that strange and mysterious things would soon be happening all over the country. 
Mr. Dursley hummed as Mr. Dursley picked out Mr. Dursley most boring tie for work, and Mr. Dursley gossiped away happily as Mr. Dursley wrestled a screaming Dudley into Mr. Dursley high chair. 
None of them noticed a large, tawny owl flutter past the window. 
At half past eight, Mr. Dursley picked up Mr. Dursley briefcase, pecked Mr. Dursley on the cheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed, because Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing Dudley cereal at the walls. 
"Little tyke," chortled Mr. Dursley as Mr. Dursley left the house. 
Mr. Dursley got into Mr. Dursley car and backed out of number four's drive. 
It was on the corner of the street that Mr. Dursley noticed the first sign of something peculiar -- a cat reading a map. 
For a second, Mr. Dursley didn't realize what Mr. Dursley had seen -- then Mr. Dursley jerked Mr. Dursley head around to look again. 
There was a tabby cat standing on the corner of Privet Drive, but there wasn't a map in sight. 
What could he have been thinking of? 
It must have been a trick of the light. 
Mr. Dursley blinked and stared at the cat. 
Mr. Dursley stared back. 
As Mr. Dursley drove around the corner and up the road, Mr. Dursley watched the cat in Mr. Dursley mirror. 
It was now reading the sign that said Privet Drive -- no, looking at the sign; cats couldn't read maps or signs. 
Mr. Dursley gave Mr. Dursley a little shake and put the cat out of Mr. Dursley mind. 
As Mr. Dursley drove toward town Mr. Dursley thought of nothing except a large order of drills Mr. Dursley was hoping to get that day. 
But on the edge of town, drills were driven out of Mr. Dursley mind by something else. 
As Mr. Dursley sat in the usual morning traffic jam, Mr. Dursley couldn't help noticing that there seemed to be a lot of strangely dressed people about. 
People in cloaks. 
Mr. Dursley couldn't bear people who dressed in funny clothes -- the getups you saw on young people! 
Mr. Dursley supposed this was some stupid new fashion. 
Mr. Dursley drummed Mr. Dursley fingers on the steering wheel and Mr. Dursley eyes fell on a huddle of these weirdos standing quite close by. 
They were whispering excitedly together. 
Mr. Dursley was enraged to see that a couple of They weren't young at all; why, that man had to be older than that man was, and wearing an emerald-green cloak! 
The nerve of that man! 
But then it struck Mr. Dursley that this was probably some silly stunt -- these people were obviously collecting for something... yes, that would be it. 
The traffic moved on and a few minutes later, Mr. Dursley arrived in the Grunnings parking lot, Mr. Dursley mind back on drills. 
Mr. Dursley always sat with Mr. Dursley back to the window in Mr. Dursley office on the ninth floor. 
If Mr. Dursley hadn't, Mr. Dursley might have found Mr. Dursley hadn't harder to concentrate on drills that morning. 
Mr. Dursley didn't see the owls swoop ing past in broad daylight, though people down in the street did; people pointed and gazed open- mouthed as owl after owl sped overhead. 
Most of people had never seen an owl even at nighttime. 
Mr. Dursley, however, had a perfectly normal, owl-free morning. 
Mr. Dursley yelled at five different people. 
Mr. Dursley made several important telephone calls and shouted a bit more. 
Mr. Dursley was in a very good mood until lunchtime, when Mr. Dursley thought Mr. Dursley'd stretch Mr. Dursley legs and walk across the road to buy Mr. Dursley a bun from the bakery. 
Mr. Dursley'd forgotten all about the people in cloaks until Mr. Dursley passed a group of the people in cloaks next to the baker's. 
Mr. Dursley'd eyed them angrily as Mr. Dursley'd passed. 
Mr. Dursley'd didn't know why, but them made Mr. Dursley'd uneasy. 
This bunch were whispering excitedly, too, and Mr. Dursley'd couldn't see a single collecting tin. 
It was on Mr. Dursley'd way back past This bunch, clutching a large doughnut in a bag, that Mr. Dursley'd caught a few words of what This bunch were saying. 
"The Potters, that's right, that's what I heard yes, The Potters son, Harry"  Mr. Dursley stopped dead. 
Fear flooded Mr. Dursley. 
Mr. Dursley looked back at the whisperers as if Mr. Dursley wanted to say something to them, but thought better of the whisperers. 
Mr. Dursley dashed back across the road, hurried up to Mr. Dursley office, snapped at Mr. Dursley secretary not to disturb Mr. Dursley, seized Mr. Dursley telephone, and had almost finished dialing Mr. Dursley home number when Mr. Dursley changed Mr. Dursley mind. 
Mr. Dursley put the receiver back down and stroked Mr. Dursley mustache, thinking... no, Mr. Dursley was being stupid. 
Potter wasn't such an unusual name. 
Potter was sure there were lots of people called Potter who had a son called Harry. 
Come to think of it, Potter wasn't even sure Potter nephew was called Harry. 
Potter'd never even seen Potter nephew. 
It might have been Harvey. 
Or Harold. 
There was no point in worrying Mrs. Dursley; Mrs. Dursley always got so upset at any mention of Mrs. Dursley sister. 
He didn't blame Mrs. Dursley -- if He'd had a sister like that... but all the same, those people in cloaks... 
He found it a lot harder to concentrate on drills that afternoon and when He left the building at five o'clock, He was still so worried that He walked straight into someone just outside the door. 
"Sorry," He grunted, as the tiny old man stumbled and almost fell. 
It was a few seconds before Mr. Dursley realized that the tiny old man was wearing a violet cloak. 
the tiny old man didn't seem at all upset at being almost knocked to the ground. 
On the contrary, the tiny old man face split into a wide smile and the tiny old man said in a squeaky voice that made passersby stare, "Don't be sorry, my dear sir, for nothing could upset me today Rejoice, for You-Know-Who has gone at last Even Muggles like yourself should be celebrating, this happy, happy day"  And the tiny old man hugged Mr. Dursley around the middle and walked off. 
Mr. Dursley stood rooted to the spot. 
Mr. Dursley had been hugged by a complete stranger. 
Mr. Dursley also thought Mr. Dursley had been called a Muggle, whatever that was. 
Mr. Dursley was rattled. 
Mr. Dursley hurried to Mr. Dursley car and set off for home, hoping Mr. Dursley was imagining things, which Mr. Dursley had never hoped before, because Mr. Dursley didn't approve of imagination. 
As Mr. Dursley pulled into the driveway of number four, the first thing Mr. Dursley saw -- and Mr. Dursley didn't approve of imagination didn't improve Mr. Dursley mood -- was the tabby cat Mr. Dursley'd spotted that morning. 
It was now sitting on Mr. Dursley'd garden wall. 
He was sure It was the same one; It had the same markings around It eyes. 
"Shoo" said Mr. Dursley loudly. 
The cat didn't move. 
The cat just gave The cat a stern look. 
Was Mr. Dursley? 
Mr. Dursley wondered. 
Trying to pull Mr. Dursley together, Mr. Dursley let Mr. Dursley into the house. 
Mr. Dursley was still determined not to mention anything to Mr. Dursley wife. 
Mr. Dursley had had a nice, normal day. 
Mr. Dursley told Mr. Dursley over dinner all about Mrs. Next Door's problems with Mr. Dursley daughter and how Dudley had learned a new word ("Won't"). 
Mr. Dursley tried to act normally. 
When Dudley had been put to bed, Dudley went into the living room in time to catch the last report on the evening news:  "And finally, bird-watchers everywhere have reported that the nation's owls have been behaving very unusually today Although owls normally hunt at night and are hardly ever seen in daylight, there have been hundreds of sightings of these birds flying in every direction since sunrise Experts are unable to explain why the nation's owls have suddenly changed the nation's owls sleeping pattern" The newscaster allowed Dudley a grin. 
"Most mysterious And now, over to Jim McGuffin with the weather Going to be any more showers of owls tonight, Jim McGuffin"  "Well, Ted," said the weatherman, "I don't know about that, but it's not only the owls that have been acting oddly today Viewers as far apart as Kent, Yorkshire, and Dundee have been phoning in to tell me that instead of the rain I promised yesterday, Kent, Yorkshire, and Dundee've had a downpour of shooting stars Perhaps people have been celebrating Bonfire Night early -- it's not until next week, folks But I can promise a wet night tonight"  Mr. Dursley sat frozen in Mr. Dursley armchair. 
Shooting stars all over Britain? 
Owls flying by daylight? 
Mysterious people in cloaks all over the place? 
And a whisper, a whisper about the Potters...  Mrs. Dursley came into the living room carrying two cups of tea. 
It was no good. 
He'd have to say something to her. 
He cleared He throat nervously. 
"Er -- Petunia, dear -- you haven't heard from your sister lately, have you"  As He had expected, Mrs. Dursley looked shocked and angry. 
After all, they normally pretended Mrs. Dursley didn't have a sister. 
"No," Mrs. Dursley said sharply. 
"Why"  "Funny stuff on the news," " Mrs. Dursley mumbled. 
"Owls shooting stars and there were a lot of funny-looking people in town today"  "So" snapped " Mrs. Dursley. 
"Well, I just thought maybe it was something to do with you know her crowd"  " Mrs. Dursley sipped " Mrs. Dursley tea through pursed lips. 
Mrs. Dursley wondered whether Mrs. Dursley dared tell Mrs. Dursley Mrs. Dursley'd heard the name "PotterMrs. 
Dursley decided Dursley didn't dare. 
"What's his name again Howard, isn't it"  "Harry Nasty, common name, if you ask me"  "Oh, yes," said Mr. Dursley, his heart sinking horribly. 
"Yes, I quite agree"  his didn't say another word on the subject as they went upstairs to bed. 
While Mrs. Dursley was in the bathroom, Mrs. Dursley crept to the bedroom window and peered down into the front garden. 
The cat was still there. 
The cat was staring down Privet Drive as though The cat were waiting for something. 
Was he imagining things? 
Could all this have anything to do with the Potters? 
If it did... if it did got out that they were related to a pair of -- well, it got out that they were related to a pair of -- didn't think it got out that they were related to a pair of -- could bear it did. 
The Dursleys got into bed. 
Mrs. Dursley fell asleep quickly but Mrs. Dursley lay awake, turning it all over in Mrs. Dursley mind. 
Mrs. Dursley last, comforting thought before Mrs. Dursley fell asleep was that even if the Potters were involved, there was no reason for the Potters to come near Mrs. Dursley and Mrs. Dursley. 
the Potters knew very well what he and Petunia thought about the Potters and the Potters kind. 
he couldn't see how he and Petunia Petunia could get mixed up in anything that might be going on -- he yawned and turned over -- it couldn't affect he and Petunia. 
How very wrong he was. 
Mr. Dursley might have been drifting into an uneasy sleep, but the cat on the wall outside was showing no sign of sleepiness. 
the cat on the wall outside was sitting as still as a statue, the cat on the wall outside outside eyes fixed unblinkingly on the far corner of Privet Drive. 
the cat on the wall outside didn't so much as quiver when a car door slammed on the next street, nor when two owls swooped overhead. 
In fact, it was nearly midnight before the cat on the wall outside moved at all. 
A man appeared on the corner the cat on the wall outside had been watching, appeared so suddenly and silently you'd have thought A man'd just popped out of the ground. 
The cat's tail twitched and The cat eyes narrowed. 
Nothing like this man had ever been seen on Privet Drive. 
this man was tall, thin, and very old, judging by the silver of this man hair and beard, which were both long enough to tuck into this man belt. 
this man was wearing long robes, a purple cloak that swept the ground, and high-heeled, buckled boots. 
this man blue eyes were light, bright, and sparkling behind half-moon spectacles and this man nose was very long and crooked, as though this man nose had been broken at least twice. 
this man's name was Albus Dumbledore. 
Albus Dumbledore didn't seem to realize that Albus Dumbledore had just arrived in a street where everything from Albus Dumbledore name to Albus Dumbledore boots was unwelcome. 
Albus Dumbledore was busy rummaging in Albus Dumbledore cloak, looking for something. 
But Albus Dumbledore did seem to realize Albus Dumbledore was being watched, because Albus Dumbledore looked up suddenly at the cat, which was still staring at Albus Dumbledore from the other end of the street. 
For some reason, the sight of the cat seemed to amuse Albus Dumbledore. 
Albus Dumbledore chuckled and muttered, "I should have known"  Albus Dumbledore found what Albus Dumbledore was looking for in Albus Dumbledore inside pocket. 
It seemed to be a silver cigarette lighter. 
It flicked It open, held It up in the air, and clicked It. 
The nearest street lamp went out with a little pop. 
The nearest street lamp clicked The nearest street lamp again -- the next lamp flickered into darkness. 
Twelve times he clicked the Put-Outer, until the only lights left on the whole street were two tiny pinpricks in the distance, which were the eyes of the cat watching he. 
If anyone looked out of anyone window now, even beady-eyed Mrs. Dursley, anyone wouldn't be able to see anything that was happening down on the pavement. 
Dumbledore slipped the Put-Outer back inside Dumbledore cloak and set off down the street toward number four, where Dumbledore sat down on the wall next to the cat. 
Dumbledore didn't look at the cat, but after a moment Dumbledore spoke to the cat. 
"Fancy seeing you here, Professor McGonagall"  Professor McGonagall"   turned to smile at the tabby, but the tabby had gone. 
Instead Professor McGonagall"  Professor McGonagall"    was smiling at a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square glasses exactly the shape of the markings the cat had had around the cat eyes. 
a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square glasses exactly the shape of the markings the cat had had around the cat eyes, too, was wearing a cloak, an emerald one. 
a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square glasses exactly the shape of the markings the cat had had around the cat eyes black hair was drawn into a tight bun. 
a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square glasses exactly the shape of the markings the cat had had around the cat eyes black hair looked distinctly ruffled. 
"How did you know it was me" a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square glasses exactly the shape of the markings the cat had had around the cat eyes black hair asked. 
"My dear Professor, I 've never seen a cat sit so stiffly"  "You'd be stiff if you'd been sitting on a brick wall all day," said My dear Professor. 
"All day When you could have been celebrating I must have passed a dozen feasts and parties on my way here"  My dear Professor sniffed angrily. 
"Oh yes, everyone's celebrating, all right," My dear Professor said impatiently. 
"You'd think they'd be a bit more careful, but no -- even the Muggles have noticed something's going on It was on they news" She jerked She head back at the Dursleys' dark living-room window. 
"I heard the Dursleys' dark living-room window Flocks of owls shooting stars Well, it Flocks of owls shooting stars're not completely stupid it Flocks of owls shooting stars were bound to notice something Shooting stars down in Kent -- I'll bet that was Dedalus Diggle Dedalus Diggle never had much sense"  "You can't blame Dedalus Diggle Dedalus Diggle Flocks of owls shooting stars," said Dumbledore gently. 
"We've had precious little to celebrate for eleven years"  "I know that," said Professor McGonagall irritably. 
"But that's no reason to lose We heads People are being downright careless, out on the streets in broad daylight, not even dressed in Muggle clothes, swapping rumors"  She threw a sharp, sideways glance at Dumbledore here, as though hoping Dumbledore was going to tell She something, but Dumbledore didn't, so She went on. 
"A fine thing it would be if, on the very day YouKnow-Who seems to have disappeared at last, the Muggles found out about us all I suppose the Muggles really has gone, Dumbledore"  "It certainly seems so," said Dumbledore. 
"We have much to be thankful for Would you care for a lemon drop"  "A what"  "A lemon drop They're a kind of Muggle sweet I'm rather fond of"  "No, thank you," said Professor McGonagall coldly, as though Professor McGonagall didn't think this was the moment for lemon drops. 
"As I say, even if You-Know-Who has gone -"  "My dear Professor, surely a sensible person like yourself can call a sensible person like yourself by a sensible person like yourself name All this 'You- Know-Who' nonsense -- for eleven years I have been trying to persuade people to call a sensible person like yourself by a sensible person like yourself proper name: Voldemort" Professor McGonagall flinched, but Dumbledore, who was unsticking two lemon drops, seemed not to notice. 
"It all gets so confusing if we keep saying 'You-Know-Who' I have never seen any reason to be frightened of saying Voldemort's name  "I know you haven 't, said " Professor McGonagall, sounding half exasperated, half admiring. 
"But you're different Everyone knows you're the only one You-Know- oh, all right, Voldemort, was frightened of"  "You flatter me," said Dumbledore calmly. 
"Voldemort had powers I will never have"  "Only because you're too -- well -- noble to use Voldemort"  "It's lucky it's dark I haven't blushed so much since Madam Pomfrey told me Madam Pomfrey liked my new earmuffs"  Professor McGonagall shot a sharp look at Dumbledore and said, "The owls are nothing next to the rumors that are flying around You know what everyone's saying About why Dumbledore's disappeared About what finally stopped Dumbledore"  It seemed that "  Professor McGonagall had reached the point "  Professor McGonagall was most anxious to discuss, the real reason "  Professor McGonagall had been waiting on a cold, hard wall all day, for neither as a cat nor as a woman had a woman fixed Dumbledore with such a piercing stare as "  Professor McGonagall did now. 
It was plain that whatever "everyone" was saying, Professor McGonagall was not going to believe Professor McGonagall until Dumbledore told Professor McGonagall it was true. 
Dumbledore, however, was choosing another lemon drop and did not answer. 
"What they're saying," she pressed on, "is that last night Voldemort turned up in Godric's Hollow Voldemort went to find the Potters The rumor is that Lily and James Potter are -- are -- that Lily and James Potter're -- deadDumbledore Dumbledore bowed Dumbledore head. 
Professor McGonagall gasped. 
"Lily and James I can't believe it I didn't want to believe it Oh, Albus"  Dumbledore reached out and patted "  Dumbledore on the shoulder. 
"I know I know" "  Dumbledore said heavily. 
Professor McGonagall's voice trembled as Professor McGonagall went on. 
"That's not all They're saying Professor McGonagall tried to kill the Potter's son, Harry But -- Professor McGonagall couldn't Professor McGonagall couldn't kill that little boy No one knows why, or how, but They're saying that when Professor McGonagall couldn't kill Harry Potter, Voldemort's power somehow broke -- and that's why Professor McGonagall's gone"  Dumbledore nodded glumly. 
"It's -- it's true" faltered Professor McGonagall. 
"After all he's done all the people he's killed he couldn't kill a little boy It's just astounding of all the things to stop he but how in the name of heaven did Harry survive"  "We can only guess," said Dumbledore. 
"We may never know"  Professor McGonagall pulled out a lace handkerchief and dabbed at Professor McGonagall eyes beneath Professor McGonagall spectacles. 
Dumbledore gave a great sniff as Dumbledore took a golden watch from Dumbledore pocket and examined a golden watch. 
It was a very odd watch. 
It had twelve hands but no numbers; instead, little planets were moving around the edge. 
It must have made sense to Dumbledore, though, because Dumbledore put It back in Dumbledore pocket and said, "Hagrid's late I suppose it was Dumbledore who told you I'd be here, by the way"  "Yes," said Professor McGonagall. 
"And I don't suppose you're going to tell me why you're here, of all places"  "I've come to bring Harry to Harry aunt and uncle Harry aunt and uncle're the only family Harry has left now"  "You don't mean -- you can't mean the people who live here" cried Professor McGonagall, jumping to Professor McGonagall feet and pointing at number four. 
"Dumbledore -- you can't I've been watching them all day You couldn't find two people who are less like us And them've got this son -- I saw this son kicking this son mother all the way up the street, screaming for sweets Harry Potter come and live here"  "It's the best place for this son," said Dumbledore firmly. 
"Dumbledore aunt and uncle will be able to explain everything to Dumbledore when Dumbledore's older I've written Dumbledore aunt and uncle a letter"  "A letter" repeated Professor McGonagall faintly, sitting back down on the wall. 
"Really, Dumbledore, you think you can explain all this in a letter These people will never understand Dumbledore Dumbledore'll be famous -- a legend -- I wouldn't be surprised if today was known as Harry Potter day in the future -- there will be books written about Harry -- every child in our world will know every child in our world name"  "Exactly," said Dumbledore, looking very seriously over the top of Dumbledore half-moon glasses. 
"It would be enough to turn any boy's head Famous before he can walk and talk Famous for something he won't even remember CarA you see how much better off he'll be, growing up away from all that until he's ready to take it"  Professor McGonagall opened Professor McGonagall mouth, changed Professor McGonagall mind, swallowed, and then said, "Yes -- yes, you're right, of course But how is he getting here, Dumbledore" Professor McGonagall eyed Dumbledore cloak suddenly as though Professor McGonagall thought Dumbledore might be hiding Harry underneath Harry cloak. 
"Hagrid's bringing Harry"  "You think it -- wise -- to trust Hagrid with something as important as this"  "I would trust Hagrid with my life," said Dumbledore. 
"I'm not saying Dumbledore heart isn't in the right place," said Professor McGonagall grudgingly, "but you can't pretend Dumbledore's not careless Dumbledore does tend to -- what was that"  A low rumbling sound had broken the silence around them. 
It grew steadily louder as them looked up and down the street for some sign of a headlight; It swelled to a roar as they both looked up at the sky -- and a huge motorcycle fell out of the air and landed on the road in front of them. 
If a huge motorcycle was huge, a huge motorcycle was nothing to the man sitting astride a huge motorcycle. 
the man sitting astride a huge motorcycle was almost twice as tall as a normal man and at least five times as wide. 
the man sitting astride a huge motorcycle looked simply too big to be allowed, and so wild - long tangles of bushy black hair and beard hid most of the man sitting astride a huge motorcycle face, the man sitting astride a huge motorcycle had hands the size of trash can lids, and the man sitting astride a huge motorcycle feet in their leather boots were like baby dolphins. 
In the man sitting astride a huge motorcycle vast, muscular arms the man sitting astride a huge motorcycle was holding a bundle of blankets. 
"Hagrid," said Dumbledore, sounding relieved. 
"At last And where did you get that motorcycle"  "Borrowed the giant, Dumbledore, sit," said the giant, climbing carefully off that motorcycle"  "   as Dumbledore spoke. 
"Young Sirius Black lent it to me I've got Young Sirius Black, sir"  "No problems, were there"  "No, sir -- house was almost destroyed, but I got sir out all right before the Muggles started swarmin' around sir fell asleep as we was flyin' over Bristol"  Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall bent forward over the bundle of blankets. 
Inside, just visible, was a baby boy, fast asleep. 
Under a tuft of jet-black hair over his forehead they could see a curiously shaped cut, like a bolt of lightning. 
"Is that where -" whispered Professor McGonagall. 
"Yes," said Dumbledore. 
"Dumbledore'll have that scar forever"  "Couldn't you do something about it, Dumbledore"  "Even if I could, I wouldn't Scars can come in handy I have one myself above my left knee that is a perfect map of the London Underground Well -- give him here, Hagrid -- we'd better get this over withDumbledore"   took Harry in Dumbledore"  "   arms and turned toward the Dursleys' house. 
"Could I -- could I say good-bye to him, sir" asked Hagrid. 
him bent him great, shaggy head over Harry and gave him what must have been a very scratchy, whiskery kiss. 
Then, suddenly, Hagrid let out a howl like a wounded dog. 
"Shhh" hissed Professor McGonagall, "you'll wake the Muggles"  "S-s-sorry," sobbed Hagrid, taking out a large, spotted handkerchief and burying Hagrid face in it. 
"But I c-c-can't stand it -- Lily an' James dead -- an' poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles -"  "Yes, yes, it's all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or we'll be found," Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly on the arm as Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to the front door. 
Dumbledore laid Harry gently on the doorstep, took a letter out of Dumbledore cloak, tucked a letter inside Harry's blankets, and then came back to the other two. 
For a full minute the three of the other two stood and looked at the little bundle; Hagrid's shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall blinked furiously, and the twinkling light that usually shone from Dumbledore's eyes seemed to have gone out. 
"Well," said Dumbledore finally, "that's that We've no business staying here We may as well go and join the celebrations"  "Yeah," said Hagrid in a very muffled voice, "I'll be takin' Sirius Hagrid bike back G'night, Professor McGonagall -- Professor Dumbledore, sir"  Wiping Hagrid streaming eyes on Hagrid jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung Hagrid onto the motorcycle and kicked the engine into life; with a roar the engine rose into the air and off into the night. 
"I shall see you soon, I expect, Professor McGonagall," said Dumbledore, nodding to Professor McGonagall. 
Professor McGonagall blew Professor McGonagall nose in reply. 
Dumbledore turned and walked back down the street. 
On the corner Dumbledore stopped and took out the silver Put-Outer. 
Dumbledore clicked the silver Put-Outer once, and twelve balls of light sped back to twelve balls of light street lamps so that Privet Drive glowed suddenly orange and Dumbledore could make out a tabby cat slinking around the corner at the other end of the street. 
Dumbledore could just see the bundle of blankets on the step of number four. 
"Good luck, Harry," Dumbledore murmured. " 
Dumbledore turned on Dumbledore heel and with a swish of " Dumbledore cloak, Dumbledore was gone. 
A breeze ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay silent and tidy under the inky sky, the very last place you would expect astonishing things to happen. 
Harry Potter rolled over inside Harry Potter blankets without waking up. 
One small hand closed on the letter beside Harry Potter and Harry Potter slept on, not knowing Harry Potter was special, not knowing Harry Potter was famous, not knowing Harry Potter would be woken in a few hours' time by Mrs. Dursley's scream as Mrs. Dursley opened the front door to put out the milk bottles, nor that Harry Potter would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by Harry Potter cousin Dudley... Harry Potter cousin Dudley couldn't know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up people glasses and saying in hushed voices: "To Harry Potter -- the boy who lived"  Nearly ten years had passed since the Dursleys had woken up to find their nephew on the front step, but Privet Drive had hardly changed at all. 
