It was nearing midnight and the Prime Minister was sitting alone in the Prime Minister's office, reading a long memo that was slipping through the Prime Minister's brain without leaving the slightest trace of meaning behind. 
the Prime Minister was waiting for a call from the President of a far distant country, and between wondering when the wretched man would telephone, and trying to suppress unpleasant memories of what had been a very long, tiring, and difficult week, there was not much space in the Prime Minister's head for anything else. 
The more the Prime Minister attempted to focus on the print on the page before the Prime Minister, the more clearly the Prime Minister could see the gloating face of one of the Prime Minister's political opponents. 
This particular opponent had appeared on the news that very day, not only to enumerate all the terrible things that had happened in the last week (as though anyone needed reminding) but also to explain why each and every one of them was the government’s fault. 
The Prime Minister’s pulse quickened at the very thought of these accusations, for they were neither fair nor true. 
How on earth was his government supposed to have stopped that bridge collapsing? 
It was outrageous for anybody to suggest that they were not spending enough on bridges. 
The bridge was fewer than ten years old, and the best experts were at a loss to explain why The bridge had snapped cleanly in two, sending a dozen cars into the watery depths of the river below. 
And how dare anyone suggest that it was lack of policemen that had resulted in those two very nasty and well-publicized murders? 
Or that the government should have somehow foreseen the freak hurricane in the West Country that had caused so much damage to both people and property? 
And was it his fault that one of his Junior Ministers, Herbert Chorley, had chosen this week to act so peculiarly that he was now going to be spending a lot more time with his family? 
“A grim mood has gripped the country,” the opponent had concluded, barely concealing his own broad grin. 
And unfortunately, this was perfectly true. 
The Prime Minister felt it himself; people really did seem more miserable than usual. 
Even the weather was dismal; all this chilly mist in the middle of July. 
It wasn’t right, it wasn’t normal. 
He turned over the second page of the memo, saw how much longer it went on, and gave it up as a bad job. 
Stretching He's arms above his head He looked around He's office mournfully. 
It was a handsome room, with a fine marble fireplace facing the long sash windows, firmly closed against the unseasonable chill. 
With a slight shiver, the Prime Minister got up and moved over to the window, looking out at the thin mist that was pressing itself against the glass. 
It was then, as he stood with his back to the room, that he heard a soft cough behind he. 
Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince - J.K. Rowling He froze, nose to nose with He's own scared-looking reflection in the dark glass. 
He knew that cough. 
He had heard that cough before. 
He turned very slowly to face the empty room. 
“Hello?” He said, trying to sound braver than He felt. 
For a brief moment He allowed He the impossible hope that nobody would answer He. 
However, a voice responded at once, a crisp, decisive voice that sounded as though it were reading a prepared statement. 
It was coming — as the Prime Minister had known at the first cough — from the froglike little man wearing a long silver wig who was depicted in a small, dirty oil painting in the far corner of the room. 
“To the Prime Minister of Muggles. 
“Er,” said the Prime Minister, “listen. 
The Prime Minister’s heart sank. 
The Prime Minister’s had been afraid of that. 
“But I really was rather hoping to speak — ” “We shall arrange for the President to forget to call. 
“Kindly respond immediately to Mister Fudge.” “I oh very well,” said the Prime Minister weakly. 
“Yes, I’ll see Mister Fudge.” the Prime Minister hurried back to the Prime Minister's desk, straightening the Prime Minister's tie as the Prime Minister went. 
the Prime Minister had barely resumed the Prime Minister's seat, and arranged the Prime Minister's face into what the Prime Minister hoped was a relaxed and unfazed expression, when bright green flames burst into life in the empty grate beneath the Prime Minister's marble mantelpiece. 
the Prime Minister watched, trying not to betray a flicker of surprise or alarm, as a portly man appeared within the flames, spinning as fast as a top. 
Seconds later, the Prime Minister had climbed out onto a rather fine antique rug, brushing ash from the sleeves of the Prime Minister's long pin-striped cloak, a lime-green bowler hat in the Prime Minister's hand. 
“Ah Prime Minister,” said Cornelius Fudge, striding forward with his hand outstretched. 
“Good to see you again.” The Prime Minister could not honestly return this compliment, so said nothing at all. 
The Prime Minister was not remotely pleased to see Fudge, whose occasional appearances, apart from being downright alarming in themselves, generally meant that The Prime Minister was about to hear some very bad news. 
Furthermore, Fudge was looking distinctly careworn. 
He was thinner, balder, and grayer, and He's face had a crumpled look. 
The Prime Minister had seen that kind of look in politicians before, and it never boded well. 
“How can I help you?” you? 
“Difficult to know where to begin,” muttered Fudge, pulling up the chair, sitting down, and placing his green bowler upon his knees. 
“What a week, what a week ” “Had a bad one too, have you?” asked the Prime Minister stiffly, hoping to convey by this that he had Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince - J.K. Rowling quite enough on his plate already without any extra helpings from Fudge. 
“Yes, of course,” said Fudge, rubbing his eyes wearily and looking morosely at the Prime Minister. 
“I’ve been having the same week you have, Prime Minister. 
“Of course they were,” he said. 
“Surely you’ve realized what’s going on?” “I ” hesitated the Prime Minister. 
It was precisely this sort of behavior that made him dislike Fudge’s visits so much. 
him was, after all, the Prime Minister and did not appreciate being made to feel like an ignorant schoolboy. 
But of course, it had been like this from the Prime Minister's very first meeting with Fudge on his very first evening as Prime Minister. 
his remembered it as though it were yesterday and knew it would haunt his until his dying day. 
his had been standing alone in this very office, savoring the triumph that was his after so many years of dreaming and scheming, when his had heard a cough behind his, just like tonight, and turned to find that ugly little portrait talking to his, announcing that the Minister of Magic was about to arrive and introduce his. 
Naturally, his had thought that the long campaign and the strain of the election had caused him to go mad. 
him had been utterly terrified to find a portrait talking to him, though this had been nothing to how him felt when a self-proclaimed wizard had bounced out of the fireplace and shaken him's hand. 
him had remained speechless throughout Fudge’s kindly explanation that there were witches and wizards still living in secret all over the world and his reassurances that his was not to bother his head about them as the Ministry of Magic took responsibility for the whole Wizarding community and prevented the non-magical population from getting wind of them. 
It was, said Fudge, a difficult job that encompassed everything from regulations on responsible use of broomsticks to keeping the dragon population under control (the Prime Minister remembered clutching the desk for support at this point). 
Fudge had then patted the shoulder of the still-dumbstruck Prime Minister in a fatherly sort of way. 
“Not to worry,” he had said, “it’s odds-on you’ll never see me again. 
“You’re — you’re not a hoax, then?” It had been his last, desperate hope. 
“No,” said Fudge gently. 
“No, I’m afraid I’m not. 
Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince - J.K. Rowling “But,” said the Prime Minister breathlessly, watching the Prime Minister's teacup chewing on the corner of the Prime Minister's next speech, “but why — why has nobody told me — ?” “The Minister of Magic only reveals him- or herself to the Muggle Prime Minister of the day,” said Fudge, poking his wand back inside his jacket. 
“We find it the best way to maintain secrecy.” “But then,” bleated the Prime Minister, “why hasn’t a former Prime Minister warned me — ?” At this, Fudge had actually laughed. 
“My dear Prime Minister, are you ever going to tell anybody?” Still chortling, Fudge had thrown some powder into the fireplace, stepped into the emerald flames, and vanished with a whooshing sound. 
My dear Prime Minister had stood there, quite motionless, and realized that My dear Prime Minister would never, as long as The Prime Minister lived, dare mention this encounter to a living soul, for who in the wide world would believe him? 
The shock had taken a little while to wear off. 
For a time, he had tried to convince he that Fudge had indeed been a hallucination brought on by lack of sleep during his grueling election campaign. 
In a vain attempt to rid himself of all reminders of this uncomfortable encounter, himself had given the gerbil to himself's delighted niece and instructed himself's private secretary to take down the portrait of the ugly little man who had announced Fudge’s arrival. 
To the Prime Minister’s dismay, however, the portrait of the ugly little man who had announced Fudge’s arrival had proved impossible to remove. 
When several carpenters, a builder or two, an art historian, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer had all tried unsuccessfully to prise it from the wall, the Prime Minister had abandoned the attempt and simply resolved to hope that the thing remained motionless and silent for the rest of the Prime Minister's term in office. 
Occasionally the Prime Minister could have sworn the Prime Minister saw out of the corner of the Prime Minister's eye the occupant of the painting yawning, or else scratching the Prime Minister's nose; even, once or twice, simply walking out of the Prime Minister's frame and leaving nothing but a stretch of muddy-brown canvas behind. 
However, he had trained he not to look at the picture very much, and always to tell he firmly that his eyes were playing tricks on he when anything like this happened. 
Then, three years ago, on a night very like tonight, the Prime Minister had been alone in the Prime Minister's office when the portrait had once again announced the imminent arrival of Fudge, who had burst out of the fireplace, sopping wet and in a state of considerable panic. 
Before the Prime Minister could ask why the Prime Minister was dripping all over the Axminster, Fudge had started ranting about a prison the Prime Minister had never heard of, a man named “Serious” Black, something that sounded like “Hogwarts,” and a boy called Harry Potter, none of which made the remotest sense to the Prime Minister. " 
Fve just come from Azkaban,” Fudge had panted, tipping a large amount of water out of the rim of his bowler hat into his pocket. 
“Middle of the North Sea, you know, nasty flight the dementors are in uproar” — he shuddered — “they’ve never had a breakout before. 
Fudge pulled out his wand, conjured two large glasses full of amber liquid out of thin air, pushed one of them into the Prime Minister’s hand, and drew up a chair. 
Fudge had talked for more than an hour. 
At one point, he had refused to say a certain name aloud and wrote it instead on a piece of parchment, which he had thrust into the Prime Minister’s whiskey-free hand. 
When at last Fudge had stood up to leave, the Prime Minister’s had stood up too. 
“So you think that ” He had squinted down at the name in He's left hand. 
“Lord Vol — ” “ He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named\” snarled Fudge. 
“I’m sorry. 
Less than a year later a harassed-looking Fudge had appeared out of thin air in the cabinet room to inform the Prime Minister that there had been a spot of bother at the Kwidditch (or that was what it had sounded like) World Cup and that several Muggles had been “involved,” but that the Prime Minister was not to worry, the fact that You-Know- Who’s Mark had been seen again meant nothing; Fudge was sure it was an isolated incident, and the Muggle Liaison Office was dealing with all memory modifications as they spoke. 
“Oh, and I almost forgot,” Fudge had added. 
“We’re importing three foreign dragons and a sphinx for the Triwizard Tournament, quite routine, but the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures tells me that it’s down in the rule book that we have to notify you if we’re bringing highly dangerous creatures into the country.” “I — what — dragons?” spluttered the Prime Minister. 
“Yes, three,” said Fudge. 
“And a sphinx. 
Less than two years later, Fudge had erupted out of the fire yet again, this time with the news that there had been a mass breakout from Azkaban. 
“A mass breakout?” repeated the Prime Minister hoarsely. 
“No need to worry, no need to worry!” shouted Fudge, already with one foot in the flames. 
“We’ll have them rounded up in no time — just thought you ought to know!” And before the Prime Minister could shout, “Now, wait just one moment!” Fudge had vanished in a shower of green sparks. 
Whatever the press and the opposition might say, the Prime Minister was not a foolish man. 
It had not escaped the Prime Minister's notice that, despite Fudge’s assurances at their first meeting, their were now seeing rather a lot of each other, nor that Fudge was becoming more flustered with each visit. 
Little though he liked to think about the Minister of Magic (or, as he always called Fudge in his head, the Other Minister), the Prime Minister could not help but fear that the next time Fudge appeared it would be with graver news still. 
The sight, therefore, of Fudge stepping out of the fire once more, looking disheveled and fretful and sternly surprised that the Prime Minister did not know exactly why the Prime Minister was there, was about the worst thing that had happened in the course of this extremely gloomy week. 
“How should I know what’s going on in the — er — Wizarding community?” snapped the Prime Minister now. 
“I have a country to run and quite enough concerns at the moment without — ” “We have the same concerns,” Fudge interrupted. 
“The Brockdale Bridge didn’t wear out. 
Fudge took a great, deep breath and said, “Prime Minister, I am very sorry to have to tell you that he’s back. 
“Yes, alive,” said Fudge. 
“That is — I don’t know — is a man alive if a man alive can’t be killed? 
“Is Serious Black with — er — He-Who-Must-Not-Be- Named?” “Black? 
“Sirius Black, you mean? 
It was, however, eclipsed almost immediately by a glow of smugness at the thought that, deficient though he himself might be in the area of materializing out of fireplaces, there had never been a murder in any of the government departments under his charge. 
Not yet, anyway While the Prime Minister surreptitiously touched the wood of the Prime Minister's desk, Fudge continued, “But Black’s by- the-by now. 
“Surely that’s a little bit of an overstatement?” “He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named has now been joined by those of Who-Must-Not-Be-Named's followers who broke out of Azkaban in January,” said Fudge, speaking more and more rapidly and twirling Who-Must-Not-Be-Named's bowler so fast that it was a lime-green blur. 
“Since they have moved into the open, they have been wreaking havoc. 
“My fault!” said Fudge, coloring up. 
“Are you saying you would have caved in to blackmail like that?” “Maybe not,” said the Prime Minister, standing up and striding about the room, “but I would have put all my efforts into catching the blackmailer before the blackmailer committed any such atrocity!” “Do you really think I wasn’t already making every effort?” demanded Fudge heatedly. 
“Every Auror in the Ministry was — and is — trying to find him and round up him's followers, but we happen to be talking about one of the most powerful wizards of all time, a wizard who has eluded capture for almost three decades!” “So I suppose you’re going to tell me he caused the hurricane in the West Country too?” said the Prime Minister, his temper rising with every pace he took. 
It was infuriating to discover the reason for all these terrible disasters and not to be able to tell the public, almost worse than it being the government’s fault after all. 
“That was no hurricane,” said Fudge miserably. 
“Excuse me!” barked the Prime Minister, now positively stamping up and down. 
“Trees uprooted, roofs ripped off, lampposts bent, horrible injuries — ” “It was the Death Eaters,” said Fudge. 
“He-Who-Must- Not-Be-Named’s followers. 
“ What involvement?” Fudge grimaced. 
“He used giants last time, when He wanted to go for the grand effect,” He said. 
“The Office of Misinformation has been working around the clock, we’ve had teams of Obliviators out trying to modify the memories of all the Muggles who saw what really happened, we’ve got most of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures running around Somerset, but we can’t find the giant — it’s been a disaster.” “You don’t say!” said the Prime Minister furiously. 
“I won’t deny that morale is pretty low at the Ministry,” said Fudge. 
“What with all that, and then losing Amelia Bones.” “Losing who?” “Amelia Bones. 
“But that murder was in the newspapers,” said the Prime Minister, momentarily diverted from the Prime Minister's anger. 
“Our newspapers. 
“Well, of course they are,” he said. 
“Killed in a room that was locked from the inside, wasn’t she? 
“It happened just around the corner from here, as a matter of fact. 
“I thought dementors guard the prisoners in Azkaban,” he said cautiously. 
“They did,” said Fudge wearily. 
“But not anymore. 
The idea of invisible creatures swooping through the towns and countryside, spreading despair and hopelessness in his voters, made his feel quite faint. 
“Now see here, Fudge — you’ve got to do something! 
The Prime Minister was momentarily lost for words. 
Despite The Prime Minister's indignation at the position into which The Prime Minister had been placed, The Prime Minister still rather felt for the shrunken- looking man sitting opposite The Prime Minister. 
“I’m very sorry,” The Prime Minister said finally. 
“If there’s anything I can do?” “It’s very kind of you, Prime Minister, but there is nothing. 
Catching Fudge’s eye, the portrait said, “the portrait’ll be here in a moment, the portrait’s just finishing a letter to Dumbledore.” “I wish him luck,” said Fudge, sounding bitter for the first time. 
“I’ve been writing to Dumbledore twice a day for the past fortnight, but Dumbledore won’t budge. 
“To the Prime Minister of Muggles. 
Fudge got to his feet and, after a moment’s hesitation, the Prime Minister of Muggles did the same, watching the new arrival straighten up, dust down the Prime Minister of Muggles's long black robes, and look around. 
The Prime Minister’s first, foolish thought was that Rufus Scrimgeour looked rather like an old lion. 
There were streaks of gray in his mane of tawny hair and his bushy eyebrows; his had keen yellowish eyes behind a pair of wire-rimmed spectacles and a certain rangy, loping grace even though his walked with a slight limp. 
There was an immediate impression of shrewdness and toughness; the Prime Minister thought the Prime Minister understood why the Wizarding community preferred Scrimgeour to Fudge as a leader in these dangerous times. 
“How do you do?” said the Prime Minister politely, holding out the Prime Minister's hand. 
Scrimgeour grasped it briefly, Scrimgeour's eyes scanning the room, then pulled out a wand from under his robes. 
“Fudge told you everything?” “Fudge asked, striding over to the door and tapping the keyhole with “Fudge's wand. 
The Prime Minister heard the lock click. 
“Er — yes,” said The Prime Minister. 
“And if you don’t mind, I’d rather that door remained unlocked.” “I’d rather not be interrupted,” said Scrimgeour shortly, “or watched,” Scrimgeour added, pointing Scrimgeour's wand at the windows, so that the curtains swept across them. 
“Right, well, I’m a busy man, so let’s get down to business. 
“It’ll be a poor lookout for the Muggles if their Prime Minister gets put under the Imperius Curse. 
“He’s highly efficient, gets through twice the work the rest of them — ” “That’s because he’s a wizard,” said Scrimgeour, without a flicker of a smile. 
“A highly trained Auror, who has been assigned to you for your protection.” “Now, wait a moment!” declared the Prime Minister. 
“You can’t just put your people into my office, I decide who works for me — ” “I thought you were happy with Shacklebolt?” said Scrimgeour coldly. 
“I am — that’s to say, I was — ” “Then there’s no problem, is there?” said Scrimgeour. 
“I well, as long as Shacklebolt’s work continues to be er excellent,” said the Prime Minister lamely, but Scrimgeour barely seemed to hear the Prime Minister. 
“Now, about Herbert Chorley, your Junior Minister,” the Prime Minister continued. 
“The one who has been entertaining the public by impersonating a duck.” “What about him?” asked the Prime Minister. 
“the Prime Minister has clearly reacted to a poorly performed Imperius Curse,” said Scrimgeour. 
“It’s addled his brains, but his could still be dangerous.” “his’s only quacking!” said the Prime Minister weakly. 
“Surely a bit of a rest Maybe go easy on the drink “A team of Healers from St. Mungo’s Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries are examining him as we speak. 
“I think it best that we remove him from Muggle society for a while.” “I well him’ll be all right, won’t him?” said the Prime Minister anxiously. 
Scrimgeour merely shrugged, already moving back toward the fireplace. 
“Well, that’s really all I had to say. 
Scrimgeour was already rummaging in Scrimgeour's pocket for the mysterious powder that turned the fire green. 
The Prime Minister gazed hopelessly at the pair of them for a moment, then the words The Prime Minister had fought to suppress all evening burst from The Prime Minister at last. 
“But for heaven’s sake — you’re wizards'. 
Many miles away the chilly mist that had pressed against the Prime Minister’s windows drifted over a dirty river that wound between overgrown, rubbish- strewn banks. 
An immense chimney, relic of a disused mill, reared up, shadowy and ominous. 
There was no sound apart from the whisper of the black water and no sign of life apart from a scrawny fox that had slunk down the bank to nose hopefully at some old fish-and-chip wrappings in the tall grass. 
But then, with a very faint pop, a slim, hooded figure appeared out of thin air on the edge of the river. 
The fox froze, wary eyes fixed upon this strange new phenomenon. 
The figure seemed to take its bearings for a few moments, then set off with light, quick strides, its long cloak rustling over the grass. 
With a second and louder pop, another hooded figure materialized. 
“Wait!” The harsh cry startled the fox, now crouching almost flat in the undergrowth. 
The harsh cry leapt from The harsh cry hiding place and up the bank. 
There was a flash of green light, a yelp, and the fox fell back to the ground, dead. 
The second figure turned over the animal with its toe. 
“Just a fox,” said a woman’s voice dismissively from under the hood. 
“I thought perhaps an Auror — Cissy, wait!” But her quarry, who had paused and looked back at the flash of light, was already scrambling up the bank the fox had just fallen down. 
“Cissy — Narcissa — listen to me — ” The second woman caught the first and seized The second woman's arm, but the other wrenched The second woman's arm away. 
“Go back, Bella!” “You must listen to me!” “I’ve listened already. 
The other woman, Bella, followed at once. 
Side by side Side by side stood looking across the road at the rows and rows of dilapidated brick houses, their windows dull and blind in the darkness. 
“He lives here?” asked Bella in a voice of contempt. 
“Here? 
“Cissy, wait\” Bella followed, her cloak streaming behind, and saw Narcissa darting through an alley between the houses into a second, almost identical street. 
Some of the streetlamps were broken; the two women were running between patches of light and deep darkness. 
The pursuer caught up with her prey just as her turned another corner, this time succeeding in catching hold of her arm and swinging her around so that they faced each other. 
“Cissy, you must not do this, you can’t trust Cissy — ” “The Dark Lord trusts him, doesn’t The Dark Lord?” “The Dark Lord is I believe mistaken,” Bella panted, and her eyes gleamed momentarily under her hood as her looked around to check that they were indeed alone. 
“In any case, we were told not to speak of the plan to anyone. 
Bella merely laughed. 
“Cissy, your own sister? 
Bella let go of Bella's sister’s arm as though burned. 
“Narcisscd” But Narcissa had rushed ahead. 
Rubbing her hand, her pursuer followed again, keeping her distance now, as they moved deeper into the deserted labyrinth of brick houses. 
At last, Narcissa hurried up a street named Spinner’s End, over which the towering mill chimney seemed to hover like a giant admonitory finger. 
Her footsteps echoed on the cobbles as Her passed boarded and broken windows, until Her reached the very last house, where a dim light glimmered through the curtains in a downstairs room. 
Her had knocked on the door before Bella, cursing under Her's breath, had caught up. 
Together they stood waiting, panting slightly, breathing in the smell of the dirty river that was carried to them on the night breeze. 
After a few seconds, them heard movement behind the door and the door opened a crack. 
A sliver of a man could be seen looking out at them, a man with long black hair parted in curtains around a sallow face and black eyes. 
Narcissa threw back her hood. 
her was so pale that her seemed to shine in the darkness; the long blonde hair streaming down her back gave her the look of a drowned person. 
“Narcissa!” said the man, opening the door a little wider, so that the light fell upon her and her sister too. 
“What a pleasant surprise!” “Severus,” she said in a strained whisper. 
“May I speak to you? 
Her still-hooded sister followed without invitation. 
“Snape,” she said curtly as she passed him. 
“Bellatrix,” he replied, his thin mouth curling into a slightly mocking smile as he closed the door with a snap behind them. 
They had stepped directly into a tiny sitting room, which had the feeling of a dark, padded cell. 
The walls were completely covered in books, most of They bound in old black or brown leather; a threadbare sofa, an old armchair, and a rickety table stood grouped together in a pool of dim light cast by a candle-filled lamp hung from the ceiling. 
The place had an air of neglect, as though it was not usually inhabited. 
Snape gestured Narcissa to the sofa. 
Snape threw off Snape's cloak, cast it aside, and sat down, staring at Snape's white and trembling hands clasped in Snape's lap. 
Bellatrix lowered her hood more slowly. 
Dark as her sister was fair, with heavily lidded eyes and a strong jaw, her sister did not take her sister's gaze from Snape as her sister moved to stand behind Narcissa. 
“So, what can I do for you?” Snape asked, settling Snape in the armchair opposite the two sisters. 
“We We are alone, aren’t We?” Narcissa asked quietly. 
“Yes, of course. 
“As you have clearly realized, Wormtail, we have guests,” said Snape lazily. 
The man crept, hunchbacked, down the last few steps and moved into the room. 
The man had small, watery eyes, a pointed nose, and wore an unpleasant simper. 
The man left hand was caressing The man's right, which looked as though it was encased in a bright silver glove. 
“Narcissa!” Narcissa! 
“And Bellatrix! 
“And then he will return to his bedroom.” Wormtail winced as though Snape had thrown something at Snape. 
“I am not your servant!” he squeaked, avoiding Snape ’s eye. 
“Really? 
“This can be easily arranged: I shall speak to Voldemort — ” “I can speak to him myself if I want to!” “Of course you can,” said Snape, sneering. 
“But in the meantime, bring us drinks. 
They heard banging and a clinking of glasses. 
Within seconds he was back, bearing a dusty bottle and three glasses upon a tray. 
he dropped these on the rickety table and scurried from their presence, slamming the book-covered door behind him. 
Snape poured out three glasses of bloodred wine and handed two of them to the sisters. 
Narcissa murmured a word of thanks, whilst Bellatrix said nothing, but continued to glower at Snape. 
This did not seem to discompose him; on the contrary, him looked rather amused. 
“The Dark Lord,” him said, raising him's glass and draining ] glass. 
The sisters copied him. 
Snape refilled Snape's glasses. 
As Narcissa took her second drink she said in a rush, “Severus, I’m sorry to come here like this, but I had to see you. 
““Severus has lately taken to listening at doors, I don’t know what Severus means by it. 
“Severus, I know I ought not to be here, I have been told to say nothing to anyone, but — ” “Then you ought to hold your tongue!” snarled Bellatrix. 
“Particularly in present company!” “ ‘Present company’?” repeated Snape sardonically. 
“And what am I to understand by that, Bellatrix?” “That I don’t trust you, Snape, as you very well know!” Narcissa let out a noise that might have been a dry sob and covered her face with her hands. 
Snape set Snape's glass down upon the table and sat back again, his hands upon the arms of his chair, smiling into Bellatrix’s glowering face. 
“Narcissa, I think we ought to hear what Bellatrix is bursting to say; Bellatrix will save tedious interruptions. 
“Why is it that you do not trust me?” “A hundred reasons!” she said loudly, striding out from behind the sofa to slam her glass upon the table. 
“Where to start! 
Behind her, Narcissa sat motionless, her face still hidden in her hands. 
Snape smiled. 
“Before I answer you — oh yes, Bellatrix, I am going to answer! 
“I know he believes you, but ” “You think he is mistaken? 
Snape did not press the point. 
Snape picked up Snape's drink again, sipped it, and continued, “You ask where I was when Voldemort fell. 
“You ask why I did not attempt to find Voldemort when Voldemort vanished. 
“I, who spent many years in Azkaban for him!” “Yes, indeed, most admirable,” said Snape in a bored voice. 
“Of course, you weren’t a lot of use to him in prison, but the gesture was undoubtedly fine — ” “Gesture!” she shrieked; in her fury her looked slightly mad. 
“While I endured the dementors, you remained at Hogwarts, comfortably playing Dumbledore’s pet!” “Not quite,” said Snape calmly. 
“Snape wouldn’t give me the Defense Against the Dark Arts job, you know. 
“Why did you stay there all that time, Snape? 
“I had a comfortable job that I preferred to a stint in Azkaban. 
“But you didn’t return when he came back, you didn’t fly back to he at once when you felt the Dark Mark burn — ” “Correct. 
“Think!” said Snape, impatient again. 
“Think! 
“What useful information have we had from you?” “My information has been conveyed directly to the Dark Lord,” said Snape. 
“If he chooses not to share it with you — ” “He shares everything with me!” said Bellatrix, firing up at once. 
“He calls me He's most loyal, He's most faithful — ” “Does He?” said Snape, his voice delicately inflected to suggest his disbelief. 
“Does he still, after the fiasco at the Ministry?” “That was not my fault!” said Bellatrix, flushing. 
“The Dark Lord has, in the past, entrusted me with The Dark Lord's most precious — if Lucius hadn’t — ” “Don’t you dare — don’t you dare blame my husband!” said Narcissa, in a low and deadly voice, looking up at Narcissa's sister. 
“There is no point apportioning blame,” said Snape smoothly. 
“What is done, is done.” “But not by you!” said Bellatrix furiously. 
“No, you were once again absent while the rest of us ran dangers, were you not, Snape?” “My orders were to remain behind,” said Snape. 
“Perhaps you disagree with Voldemort, perhaps you think that Dumbledore would not have noticed if I had joined forces with the Death Eaters to fight the Order of the Phoenix? 
“And, while we are on the subject of the Order, you still claim you cannot reveal the whereabouts of their headquarters, don’t you?” “I am not the Secret-Keeper; I cannot speak the name of the place. 
Her expression did not soften. 
“You are avoiding my last question, Snape. 
“He lately, we I am asking you, Snape!” “If I had murdered Harry Potter, Voldemort could not have used his blood to regenerate, making him invincible — ” “You claim you foresaw his use of the boy!” she jeered. 
“I do not claim it; I had no idea of his plans; I have already confessed that I thought Voldemort dead. 
“his has no idea of your true allegiance, his trusts you implicitly still?” “I have played my part well,” said Snape. 
“And you overlook Dumbledore’s greatest weakness: Dumbledore has to believe the best of people. 
Taking advantage of her silence, Snape turned to her sister. 
“Now you came to ask me for help, Narcissa?” Narcissa looked up at him, Narcissa's face eloquent with despair. 
“Yes, Severus. 
“The Dark Lord has forbidden me to speak of it,” Narcissa continued, her eyes still closed. 
“He wishes none to know of the plan. 
“The Dark Lord’s word is law.” Narcissa gasped as though he had doused her with cold water. 
Bellatrix looked satisfied for the first time since Bellatrix had entered the house. 
“There!” There! 
“Even Snape says so: You were told not to talk, so hold your silence!” But Even Snape had gotten to Even Snape's feet and strode to the small window, peered through the curtains at the deserted street, then closed them again with a jerk. 
Even Snape turned around to face Narcissa, frowning. 
“It so happens that I know of the plan,” he said in a low voice. 
“I am one of the few Voldemort has told. 
“Voldemort trusts you so, Severus. 
“ You know?” “Certainly,” said Snape. 
“But what help do you require, Narcissa? 
“My son my only son ” “Draco should be proud,” said Bellatrix indifferently. 
“The Dark Lord is granting “Draco a great honor. 
“That’s because he is sixteen and has no idea what lies in store! 
he looked away from the sight of her tears as though they were indecent, but he could not pretend not to hear her. 
“That’s why he’s chosen Draco, isn’t it?” her persisted. 
“To punish Lucius?” “If Draco succeeds,” said Snape, still looking away from her, “he will be honored above all others.” “But he won’t succeed!” sobbed Narcissa. 
“How can he, when Voldemort himself — ?” Bellatrix gasped; Narcissa seemed to lose her nerve. 
“I only meant that nobody has yet succeeded. 
“I cannot pretend that Voldemort is not angry with Lucius. 
“Voldemort does not mean him to succeed, Voldemort wants him to be killed trying!” When Snape said nothing, Narcissa seemed to lose what little self-restraint she still possessed. 
Standing up, she staggered to Snape and seized the front of Snape's robes. 
she face close to his, shis tears falling onto his chest, she gasped, “You could do it. 
Looking down into shis tears tained face, he said slowly, “he intends me to do it in the end, I think. 
“he failed to hear the prophecy. 
“My only son my only son ” “You should be proud!” said Bellatrix ruthlessly. 
“If I had sons, I would be glad to give I had sons up to the service of Voldemort!” Narcissa gave a little scream of despair and clutched at Narcissa's long blonde hair. 
Snape stooped, seized Snape's by the arms, lifted Snape's up, and steered Snape's back onto the sofa. 
Snape then poured Snape's more wine and forced the glass into Snape's hand. 
“Narcissa, that’s enough. 
“It might be possible for me to help Draco.” She sat up, Shis face paper-white, Shis eyes huge. 
“Severus — oh, Severus — you would help him? 
“If you are there to protect him Severus, will you swear it? 
Bellatrix, however, let out a cackle of triumphant laughter. 
“Aren’t you listening, Narcissa? 
His black eyes were fixed upon Narcissa’s tear-filled blue ones as she continued to clutch his hand. 
“Certainly, Narcissa, I shall make the Unbreakable Vow,” he said quietly. 
“Perhaps your sister will consent to be our Bonder.” Bellatrix’s mouth fell open. 
Snape lowered Snape so that Snape was kneeling opposite Narcissa. 
Beneath Bellatrix’s astonished gaze, they grasped right hands. 
“You will need your wand, Bellatrix,” said Snape coldly. 
She drew it, still looking astonished. 
“And you will need to move a little closer,” he said. 
She stepped forward so that She stood over them, and placed the tip of Shis wand on their linked hands. 
Narcissa spoke. 
“Will you, Severus, watch over my son, Draco, as he attempts to fulfill Voldemort’s wishes?” “I will,” said Snape. 
A thin tongue of brilliant flame issued from the wand and wound the wand way around their hands like a red-hot wire. 
“And will you, to the best of your ability, protect him from harm?” “I will,” said Snape. 
A second tongue of flame shot from the wand and interlinked with the first, making a fine, glowing chain. 
“And, should it prove necessary if it seems Draco will fail ” whispered Narcissa (Snape’s hand twitched within hers, but he did not draw away), “will you carry out the deed that Voldemort has ordered Draco to perform?” There was a moment’s silence. 
Bellatrix watched, her wand upon their clasped hands, her eyes wide. 
“I will,” said Snape. 
Bellatrix’s astounded face glowed red in the blaze of a third tongue of flame, which shot from the wand, twisted with the others, and bound itself thickly around their clasped hands, like a rope, like a fiery snake. 
Harry Potter was snoring loudly. 
Harry Potter had been sitting in a chair beside Harry Potter's bedroom window for the best part of four hours, staring out at the darkening street, and had finally fallen asleep with one side of Harry Potter's face pressed against the cold windowpane, Harry Potter's glasses askew and Harry Potter's mouth wide open. 
The misty fug his breath had left on the window sparkled in the orange glare of the streetlamp outside, and the artificial light drained his face of all color, so that his looked ghostly beneath his shock of untidy black hair. 
The room was strewn with various possessions and a good smattering of rubbish. 
Owl feathers, apple cores, and sweet wrappers littered the floor, a number of spellbooks lay higgledy-piggledy among the tangled robes on his bed, and a mess of newspapers sat in a puddle of light on his desk. 
The headline of one blared: Rumors continue to fly about the mysterious recent disturbance at the Ministry of Magic, during which He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named was sighted once more. 
“We’re not allowed to talk about it, don’t ask me anything,” said one agitated Obliviator, who refused to give his name as his left the Ministry last night. 
Nevertheless, highly placed sources within the Ministry have confirmed that the disturbance centered on the fabled Hall of Prophecy. 
Though Ministry spokeswizards have hitherto refused even to confirm the existence of such a place, a growing number of the Wizarding community believe that the Death Eaters now serving sentences in Azkaban for trespass and attempted theft were attempting to steal a prophecy. 
The nature of a prophecy is unknown, although speculation is rife that that prophecy concerns Harry Potter, the only person ever known to have survived the Killing Curse, and who is also known to have been at the Ministry on the night in question. 
Some are going so far as to call Potter “the Chosen One,” believing that the prophecy names him as the only one who will be able to rid us of He- Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. 
The current whereabouts of the prophecy, if it exists, are unknown, although (ctd. 
page 2, column 5) A second newspaper lay beside the first. 
This one bore the headline: Most of this front page was taken up with a large black-and-white picture of a man with a lionlike mane of thick hair and a rather ravaged face. 
The picture was moving — the man was waving at the ceiling. 
Rufus Scrimgeour, previously Head of the Auror office in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, has succeeded Cornelius Fudge as Minister of Magic. 
The appointment has largely been greeted with enthusiasm by the Wizarding community, though rumors of a rift between the new Minister and Albus Dumbledore, newly reinstated Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot, surfaced within hours of Scrimgeour taking office. 
Scrimgeour’s representatives admitted that he had met with Dumbledore at once upon taking possession of the top job, but refused to comment on the topics under discussion. 
Albus Dumbledore is known to (ctd. 
page 3, column 2) To the left of this paper sat another, which had been folded so that a story bearing the title MINISTRY GUARANTEES STUDENTS’ SAFETY was visible. 
Newly appointed Minister of Magic, Rufus Scrimgeour, spoke today of the tough new measures taken by his Ministry to ensure the safety of students returning to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry this autumn. 
“For obvious reasons, his Ministry will not be going into detail about his Ministry stringent new security plans,” said the Minister, although an insider confirmed that measures include defensive spells and charms, a complex array of countercurses, and a small task force of Aurors dedicated solely to the protection of Hogwarts School. 
Most seem reassured by the new Minister’s tough stand on student safety. 
Said Mistress Augusta Longbottom, “My grandson, Neville — a good friend of Harry Potter’s, incidentally, who fought the Death Eaters alongside him at the Ministry in June and — But the rest of this story was obscured by the large birdcage standing on top of it. 
But Harry had not packed. 
It just seemed too good to be true that Harry was going to be rescued from the Dursleys after a mere fortnight of their company. 
Harry could not shrug off the feeling that something was going to go wrong — his reply to Dumbledore ’s letter might have gone astray; Dumbledore could be prevented from collecting Dumbledore; Dumbledore ’s letter might turn out not to be from Dumbledore at all, but a trick or joke or trap. 
Harry had not been able to face packing and then being let down and having to unpack again. 
The only gesture Harry had made to the possibility of a journey was to shut Harry's snowy owl, Hedwig, safely in her cage. 
The minute hand on the alarm clock reached the number twelve and, at that precise moment, the streetlamp outside the window went out. 
Harry awoke as though the sudden darkness were an alarm. 
Hastily straightening Harry's glasses and unsticking Harry's cheek from the glass, Harry pressed Harry's nose against the window instead and squinted down at the pavement. 
A tall figure in a long, billowing cloak was walking up the garden path. 
Harry jumped up as though Harry had received an electric shock, knocked over Harry's chair, and started snatching anything and everything within reach from the floor and throwing it into the trunk. 
Even as he lobbed a set of robes, two spellbooks, and a packet of crisps across the room, the doorbell rang. 
Downstairs in the living room his Uncle Vernon shouted, “Who the blazes is calling at this time of night?” Harry froze with a brass telescope in one hand and a pair of trainers in the other. 
Harry had completely forgotten to warn the Dursleys that Dumbledore might be coming. 
Feeling both panicky and close to laughter, Harry clambered over the trunk and wrenched open Harry's bedroom door in time to hear a deep voice say, “Good evening. 
There in the doorway stood a tall, thin man with waist-length silver hair and beard. 
Half-moon spectacles were perched on his crooked nose, and his was wearing a long black traveling cloak and a pointed hat. 
Vernon Dursley, whose mustache was quite as bushy as Dumbledore ’s, though black, and who was wearing a puce dressing gown, was staring at the visitor as though he could not believe his tiny eyes. 
“Judging by your look of stunned disbelief, Harry did not warn you that I was coming,” said Dumbledore pleasantly. 
“However, let us assume that you have invited me warmly into your house. 
“It is a long time since my last visit,” said Dumbledore, peering down his crooked nose at Uncle Vernon. 
“I must say, your agapanthus are flourishing.” Vernon Dursley said nothing at all. 
Harry did not doubt that speech would return to Harry, and soon — the vein pulsing in Harry's uncle’s temple was reaching danger point — but something about Dumbledore seemed to have robbed Dumbledore temporarily of breath. 
It might have been the blatant wizardishness of Dumbledore's appearance, but it might, too, have been that even Uncle Vernon could sense that here was a man whom it would be very difficult to bully. 
“Ah, good evening Harry,” said Dumbledore, looking up at Harry through Harry's half-moon glasses with a most satisfied expression. 
“Excellent, excellent.” These words seemed to rouse Uncle Vernon. 
It was clear that as far as he was concerned, any man who could look at Harry and say “excellent” was a man with whom he could never see eye to eye. 
“I don’t mean to be rude — ” he began, in a tone that threatened rudeness in every syllable. 
“ — yet, sadly, accidental rudeness occurs alarmingly often,” Dumbledore finished the sentence gravely. 
“Best to say nothing at all, my dear man. 
Her rather horsey face registered nothing but shock. 
“Albus Dumbledore,” said Dumbledore, when Uncle Vernon failed to effect an introduction. 
“We have corresponded, of course.” Harry thought this an odd way of reminding Aunt Petunia that Harry had once sent Aunt Petunia's an exploding letter, but Aunt Petunia did not challenge the term. 
“And this must be your son, Dudley?” Dudley had that moment peered round the living room door. 
His large, blond head rising out of the stripy collar of His's pajamas looked oddly disembodied, His's mouth gaping in astonishment and fear. 
Dumbledore waited a moment or two, apparently to see whether any of the Dursleys were going to say anything, but as the silence stretched on he smiled. 
“Shall we assume that you have invited me into your sitting room? 
“Yes, indeed we are, but there are a few matters we need to discuss first,” said Dumbledore. 
“And I would prefer not to do so in the open. 
“Yes,” said Dumbledore simply, “I shall.” He drew his wand so rapidly that Harry barely saw it; with a casual flick, the sofa zoomed forward and knocked the knees out from under all three of the Dursley s so that they collapsed upon it in a heap. 
Another flick of the wand and the sofa zoomed back to its original position. 
“We may as well be comfortable,” said Dumbledore pleasantly. 
As he replaced his wand in his pocket, Harry saw that Harry's hand was blackened and shriveled; it looked as though Harry's flesh had been burned away. 
“Sir — what happened to your — ?” “Later, Harry,” said Dumbledore. 
“Please sit down.” Harry took the remaining armchair, choosing not to look at the Dursleys, who seemed stunned into silence. 
“I would assume that you were going to offer me refreshment,” Dumbledore said to Uncle Vernon, “but the evidence so far suggests that that would be optimistic to the point of foolishness.” A third twitch of the wand, and a dusty bottle and five glasses appeared in midair. 
The bottle tipped and poured a generous measure of honey-colored liquid into each of the glasses, which then floated to each person in the room. 
“Madam Rosmerta’s finest oak-matured mead,” said Dumbledore, raising his glass to Harry, who caught hold of his own and sipped. 
his had never tasted anything like it before, but enjoyed it immensely. 
The Dursleys, after quick, scared looks at one another, tried to ignore their glasses completely, a difficult feat, as their were nudging their gently on the sides of their heads. 
Harry could not suppress a suspicion that Dumbledore was rather enjoying Harry. 
“Well, Harry,” said Dumbledore, turning toward him, “a difficulty has arisen which I hope you will be able to solve for us. 
“You add a reasonable amount of gold to your account at Gringotts, and you inherit all of Sirius’s personal possessions. 
Dumbledore and Harry both turned to look at him. 
The glass of mead was now knocking quite insistently on the side of Vernon’s head; Vernon’s attempted to beat it away. 
“He’s dead? 
He did not ask Harry why He had not confided in the Dursleys. 
“Our problem,” He continued to Harry, as if there had been no interruption, “is that Sirius also left you number twelve, Grimmauld Place.” “He’s been left a house?” said Uncle Vernon greedily, He's small eyes narrowing, but nobody answered He. 
“You can keep using it as headquarters,” said Harry. 
“I don’t care. 
He thought He would be haunted forever by the memory of Sirius prowling its dark musty rooms alone, imprisoned within the place He had wanted so desperately to leave. 
“That is generous,” said Dumbledore. 
“We have, however, vacated the building temporarily.” “Why?” “Well,” said Dumbledore, ignoring the mutterings of Uncle Vernon, who was now being rapped smartly over the head by the persistent glass of mead, “Black family tradition decreed that the house was handed down the direct line, to the next male with the name of ‘Black. 
“I bet there has,” he said. 
“Quite,” said Dumbledore. 
“And if such an enchantment exists, then the ownership of the house is most likely to pass to the eldest of Sirius’s living relatives, which would mean his cousin, Bellatrix Lestrange.” Without realizing what he was doing, Harry sprang to Harry's feet; the telescope and trainers in Harry's lap rolled across the floor. 
Bellatrix Lestrange, Sirius’s killer, inherit his house? 
“No,” he said. 
“Well, obviously we would prefer that she didn’t get it either,” said Dumbledore calmly. 
“The situation is fraught with complications. 
“Oh, I’m so sorry,” said Dumbledore politely, and Dumbledore raised Dumbledore's wand again. 
All three glasses vanished. 
“But it would have been better manners to drink it, you know.” It looked as though Uncle Vernon was bursting with any number of unpleasant retorts, but Uncle Vernon merely shrank back into the cushions with Aunt Petunia and Dudley and said nothing, keeping Uncle Vernon's small piggy eyes on Dumbledore ’s wand. 
“You see,” Dumbledore said, turning back to Harry and again speaking as though Uncle Vernon had not uttered, “if you have indeed inherited the house, you have also inherited — ” He flicked his wand for a fifth time. 
There was a loud crack, and a house-elf appeared, with a snout for a nose, giant bat’s ears, and enormous bloodshot eyes, crouching on the Dursleys’ shag carpet and covered in grimy rags. 
Aunt Petunia let out a hair-raising shriek; nothing this filthy had entered her house in living memory. 
Dudley drew his large, bare, pink feet off the floor and sat with them raised almost above his head, as though his thought the creature might run up his pajama trousers, and Uncle Vernon bellowed, “What the hell is that?” “Kreacher,” finished Dumbledore. 
“Kreacher won’t, Kreacher won’t, Kreacher won’t!” croaked the house-elf, quite as loudly as Uncle Vernon, stamping his long, gnarled feet and pulling his ears. 
“Kreacher belongs to Miss Bellatrix, oh yes, Kreacher belongs to the Blacks, Kreacher wants his new mistress, Kreacher won’t go to the Potter brat, Kreacher won’t, won’t, won’t — ” “As you can see, Harry,” said Dumbledore loudly, over Kreacher’s continued croaks of “won’t, won’t, won’t,” “Kreacher is showing a certain reluctance to pass into your ownership.” “I don’t care,” said Harry again, looking with disgust at the writhing, stamping house-elf. 
“I don’t want Harry.” “Won’t, won’t, won’t, won’t — ” “You would prefer Harry to pass into the ownership of Bellatrix Lestrange? 
Harry knew that Kreacher could not be permitted to go and live with Bellatrix Lestrange, but the idea of owning him, of having responsibility for the creature that had betrayed Sirius, was repugnant. 
“Give him an order,” said Dumbledore. 
“If he has passed into your ownership, he will have to obey. 
Harry could think of nothing to say, except, “Kreacher, shut up!” It looked for a moment as though Kreacher was going to choke. 
Harry grabbed Harry's throat, Harry's mouth still working furiously, He's eyes bulging. 
After a few seconds of frantic gulping, Harry threw Harry face forward onto the carpet (Aunt Petunia whimpered) and beat the floor with Harry's hands and feet, giving Harry over to a violent, but entirely silent, tantrum. 
“Well, that simplifies matters,” said Dumbledore cheerfully. 
“It seems that Sirius knew what he was doing. 
“Not if you don’t want to,” said Dumbledore. 
“If I might make a suggestion, you could send him to Hogwarts to work in the kitchen there. 
“Good,” said Dumbledore. 
“There is also the matter of the hippogriff, Buckbeak. 
“He was thrilled to see Buckbeak again. 
“I’ll just go and — er — finish off,” said Harry hastily, hurrying to pick up Harry's fallen telescope and trainers. 
It took Harry a little over ten minutes to track down everything Harry needed; at last Harry had managed to extract Harry's Invisibility Cloak from under the bed, screwed the top back on Harry's jar of color-change ink, and forced the lid of Harry's trunk shut on Harry's cauldron. 
Then, heaving Harry's trunk in one hand and holding Hedwig’s cage in the other, Harry made Harry's way back downstairs. 
Harry was disappointed to discover that Dumbledore was not waiting in the hall, which meant that Harry had to return to the living room. 
Nobody was talking. 
Dumbledore was humming quietly, apparently quite at Dumbledore's ease, but the atmosphere was thicker than cold custard, and Harry did not dare look at the Dursleys as Harry said, “Professor — I’m ready now.” “Good,” said Dumbledore. 
“Just one last thing, then.” And he turned to speak to the Dursleys once more. 
“As you will no doubt be aware, Harry comes of age in a year’s time — ” “No,” said Aunt Petunia, speaking for the first time since Dumbledore’s arrival. 
“I’m sorry?” said Dumbledore politely. 
“No, Dumbledore doesn’t. 
“Now, as you already know, the wizard called Lord Voldemort has returned to this country. 
“You did not do as I asked. 
“Us — mistreat Dudders? 
“The magic I evoked fifteen years ago means that Harry has powerful protection while Harry can still call this house ‘home.’ However miserable he has been here, however unwelcome, however badly treated, you have at least, grudgingly, allowed he houseroom. 
Dudley was frowning slightly, as though he was still trying to work out when he had ever been mistreated. 
Uncle Vernon looked as though Uncle Vernon had something stuck in Uncle Vernon's throat; Aunt Petunia, however, was oddly flushed. 
“Well, Harry time for us to be off,” said Dumbledore at last, standing up and straightening his long black cloak. 
“Until we meet again,” he said to the Dursleys, who looked as though that moment could wait forever as far as they were concerned, and after doffing his hat, his swept from the room. 
“Bye,” said Harry hastily to the Dursleys, and followed Dumbledore, who paused beside Harry’s trunk, upon which Hedwig’s cage was perched. 
“We do not want to be encumbered by these just now,” Harry said, pulling out Harry's wand again. 
“I shall send them to the Burrow to await We there. 
When he had stuffed it into an inside pocket of his jacket, Dumbledore waved Dumbledore's wand and the trunk, cage, and Hedwig vanished. 
Dumbledore then waved Dumbledore's wand again, and the front door opened onto cool, misty darkness. 
“And now, Harry, let us step out into the night and pursue that flighty temptress, adventure.” Despite the fact that he had spent every waking moment of the past few days hoping desperately that Dumbledore would indeed come to fetch him, Harry felt distinctly awkward as they set off down Privet Drive together. 
Harry had never had a proper conversation with the headmaster outside of Hogwarts before; there was usually a desk between them. 
The memory of them's last face-to-face encounter kept intruding too, and it rather heightened Harry’s sense of embarrassment; Harry had shouted a lot on that occasion, not to mention done Harry's best to smash several of Dumbledore ’s most prized possessions. 
Dumbledore, however, seemed completely relaxed. 
“Keep your wand at the ready, Harry,” he said brightly. 
“But I thought I’m not allowed to use magic outside school, sir?” “If there is an attack,” said Dumbledore, “I give you permission to use any counterjinx or curse that might occur to you. 
“This will do, Harry.” Harry came to an abrupt halt at the end of Privet Drive. 
“You have not, of course, passed your Apparition Test,” Harry said. 
“No,” said Harry. 
“I thought you had to be seventeen?” “You do,” said Dumbledore. 
“So you will need to hold on to my arm very tightly. 
“Very good,” said Dumbledore. 
“Well, here we go.” Harry felt Dumbledore’s arm twist away from Dumbledore and redoubled Dumbledore's grip; the next thing he knew, everything went black; he was being pressed very hard from all directions; he could not breathe, there were iron bands tightening around his chest; his eyeballs were being forced back into his head; his eardrums were being pushed deeper into his skull and then — he gulped great lungfuls of cold night air and opened his streaming eyes. 
he felt as though he had just been forced through a very tight rubber tube. 
It was a few seconds before he realized that Privet Drive had vanished. 
he and Dumbledore were now standing in what appeared to be a deserted village square, in the center of which stood an old war memorial and a few benches. 
he comprehension catching up with his senses, he realized that he had just Apparated for the first time in his life. 
“Are you all right?” asked Dumbledore, looking down at him solicitously. 
“The sensation does take some getting used to.” “I’m fine,” said Harry, rubbing Harry's ears, which felt as though they had left Privet Drive rather reluctantly. 
“But I think I might prefer brooms. 
According to a clock on a nearby church, it was almost midnight. 
“So tell me, Harry,” said Dumbledore. 
“Your scar has it been hurting at all?” Harry raised a hand unconsciously to Harry's forehead and rubbed the lightning-shaped mark. 
“No,” he said, “and IVe been wondering about that. 
“I, on the other hand, thought otherwise,” said Dumbledore. 
“Lord Voldemort has finally realized the dangerous access to Lord Voldemort's thoughts and feelings you have been enjoying. 
They turned a corner, passing a telephone box and a bus shelter. 
Harry looked sideways at Dumbledore again. 
“Professor?” “Harry?” “Er — where exactly are we?” “This, Harry, is the charming village of Budleigh Babberton.” “And what are we doing here?” “Ah yes, of course, I haven’t told you,” said Dumbledore. 
“Well, I have lost count of the number of times I have said this in recent years, but we are, once again, one member of staff short. 
“Left here, Harry.” They proceeded up a steep, narrow street lined with houses. 
All the windows were dark. 
The odd chill that had lain over Privet Drive for two weeks persisted here too. 
Thinking of dementors, Harry cast a look over Harry's shoulder and grasped his wand reassuringly in his pocket. 
“Professor, why couldn’t we just Apparate directly into your old colleague’s house?” “Because it would be quite as rude as kicking down the front door,” said Dumbledore. 
“Courtesy dictates that we offer fellow wizards the opportunity of denying us entry. 
“Hermione Granger told me.” “And she is quite right. 
Harry wondered why Dumbledore did not consider it rude to call on Dumbledore's old colleague so late, but now that conversation had been established, Dumbledore had more pressing questions to ask. 
“Sir, I saw in the Daily Prophet that Fudge has been sacked. 
“He has been replaced, as I am sure you also saw, by Rufus Scrimgeour, who used to be Head of the Auror office.” “Is he Do you think he’s good?” asked Harry. 
“An interesting question,” said Dumbledore. 
“Dumbledore is able, certainly. 
“And sir I saw about Madam Bones.” “Yes,” said Dumbledore quietly. 
“A terrible loss. 
“Professor, what happened to your — ?” “I have no time to explain now,” said Dumbledore. 
“It is a thrilling tale, I wish to do it justice.” He smiled at Harry, who understood that He was not being snubbed, and that He had permission to keep asking questions. 
“Sir — I got a Ministry of Magic leaflet by owl, about security measures we should all take against the Death Eaters. 
“Did you find it useful?” “Not really.” “No, I thought not. 
“For future reference, Harry, it is raspberry although of course, if I were a Death Eater, I would have been sure to research my own jam preferences before impersonating myself.” “Er right,” said Harry. 
“Well, on that leaflet, it said something about Inferi. 
“Dead bodies that have been bewitched to do a Dark wizard’s bidding. 
Harry was too busy digesting the horrible idea of Inferi to have much attention left for anything else, but as they reached the front gate, Dumbledore stopped dead and Harry walked into Harry. 
“Oh dear. 
The front door was hanging off The front door hinges. 
Dumbledore glanced up and down the street. 
It seemed quite deserted. 
“Wand out and follow me, Harry,” he said quietly. 
he opened the gate and walked swiftly and silently up the garden path, Harry at Harry's heels, then pushed the front door very slowly, Harry's wand raised and at the ready. 
“Lumos.” Dumbledore ’s wand tip ignited, casting Dumbledore ’s wand tip light up a narrow hallway. 
To the left, another door stood open. 
Holding his illuminated wand aloft, Dumbledore walked into the sitting room with Harry right behind Harry. 
A scene of total devastation met their eyes. 
A grandfather clock lay splintered at their feet, A grandfather clock face cracked, A grandfather clock pendulum lying a little farther away like a dropped sword. 
A piano was on A piano side, A piano keys strewn across the floor. 
The wreckage of a fallen chandelier glittered nearby. 
Cushions lay deflated, feathers oozing from slashes in Cushions's sides; fragments of glass and china lay like powder over everything. 
Dumbledore raised Dumbledore's wand even higher, so that its light was thrown upon the walls, where something darkly red and glutinous was spattered over the wallpaper. 
Harry’s small intake of breath made Dumbledore look around. 
“Not pretty, is it?” Harry said heavily. 
“Yes, something horrible has happened here.” Dumbledore moved carefully into the middle of the room, scrutinizing the wreckage at Dumbledore's feet. 
Harry followed, gazing around, half-scared of what Harry might see hidden behind the wreck of the piano or the overturned sofa, but there was no sign of a body. 
“Maybe there was a fight and — and they dragged him off, Professor?” Harry suggested, trying not to imagine how badly wounded a man would have to be to leave those stains spattered halfway up the walls. 
“I don’t think so,” said Dumbledore quietly, peering behind an overstuffed armchair lying on its side. 
“You mean he’s — ?” “Still here somewhere? 
Harry’s jaw dropped. 
Where a split second before there had been an armchair, there now crouched an enormously fat, bald, old man who was massaging his lower belly and squinting up at Dumbledore with an aggrieved and watery eye. 
“There was no need to stick the wand in that hard,” he said gruffly, clambering to his feet. 
“It hurt.” The wandlight sparkled on his shiny pate, his prominent eyes, his enormous, silver, walruslike mustache, and the highly polished buttons on the maroon velvet jacket his was wearing over a pair of lilac silk pajamas. 
The top of his head barely reached Dumbledore ’s chin. 
“What gave it away?” he grunted as he staggered to his feet, still rubbing his lower belly. 
he seemed remarkably unabashed for a man who had just been discovered pretending to be an armchair. 
“My dear Horace,” said Dumbledore, looking amused, “if the Death Eaters really had come to call, the Dark Mark would have been set over the house.” The wizard clapped a pudgy hand to The wizard's vast forehead. 
“the Dark Mark,” he muttered. 
“Knew there was something ah well. 
“Would you like my assistance clearing up?” asked Dumbledore politely. 
“Please,” said the other. 
They stood back to back, the tall thin wizard and the short round one, and waved They's wands in one identical sweeping motion. 
The furniture flew back to its original places; ornaments reformed in midair, feathers zoomed into their cushions; torn books repaired themselves as themselves landed upon themselves's shelves; oil lanterns soared onto side tables and reignited; a vast collection of splintered silver picture frames flew glittering across the room and alighted, whole and untarnished, upon a desk; rips, cracks, and holes healed everywhere, and the walls wiped themselves clean. 
“What kind of blood was that, incidentally?” asked Dumbledore loudly over the chiming of the newly unsmashed grandfather clock. 
“On the walls? 
There was a final plunk from the piano, and silence. 
“Yes, dragon,” repeated the wizard conversationally. 
“My last bottle, and prices are sky-high at the moment. 
“Hmm. 
It was then that his gaze fell upon Harry. 
“Oho,” he said, his large round eyes flying to Harry’s forehead and the lightning-shaped scar it bore. 
“Ohol” “This,” said Dumbledore, moving forward to make the introduction, “is Harry Potter. 
“So that’s how you thought you’d persuade me, is it? 
“I suppose we can have a drink, at least?” asked Dumbledore. 
“For old time’s sake?” Slughorn hesitated. 
“All right then, one drink,” he said ungraciously. 
Dumbledore smiled at Harry and directed Dumbledore toward a chair not unlike the one that Slughorn had so recently impersonated, which stood right beside the newly burning fire and a brightly glowing oil lamp. 
Harry took the seat with the distinct impression that Dumbledore, for some reason, wanted to keep Harry as visible as possible. 
Certainly when Slughorn, who had been busy with decanters and glasses, turned to face the room again, his eyes fell immediately upon Harry. 
“Hmpf,” he said, looking away quickly as though frightened of hurting his eyes. 
“Here — ” He gave a drink to Dumbledore, who had sat down without invitation, thrust the tray at Harry, and then sank into the cushions of the repaired sofa and a disgruntled silence. 
He legs were so short they did not touch the floor. 
“Well, how have you been keeping, Horace?” Dumbledore asked. 
“Not so well,” said Slughorn at once. 
“Weak chest. 
“You can’t have had more than three minutes’ warning?” Slughorn said, half irritably, half proudly, “Two. 
It was stuffy and cluttered, yet nobody could say it was uncomfortable; there were soft chairs and footstools, drinks and books, boxes of chocolates and plump cushions. 
If Harry had not known who lived there, Harry would have guessed at a rich, fussy old lady. 
“You’re not yet as old as I am, Horace,” said Dumbledore. 
“Well, maybe you ought to think about retirement yourself,” said Slughorn bluntly. 
His pale gooseberry eyes had found Dumbledore ’s injured hand. 
“Reactions not what they were, I see.” “You’re quite right,” said Dumbledore serenely, shaking back Dumbledore's sleeve to reveal the tips of those burned and blackened fingers; the sight of them made the back of Harry’s neck prickle unpleasantly. 
“I am undoubtedly slower than I was. 
Slughorn’s eyes lingered for a moment on the ring too, and Harry saw a tiny frown momentarily crease Harry's wide forehead. 
“So, all these precautions against intruders, Horace are they for the Death Eaters’ benefit, or mine?” asked Dumbledore. 
“What would the Death Eaters want with a poor broken-down old buffer like me?” demanded Slughorn. 
“I imagine that they would want you to turn your considerable talents to coercion, torture, and murder,” said Dumbledore. 
“Are you really telling me that they haven’t come recruiting yet?” Slughorn eyed Dumbledore balefully for a moment, then muttered, “I haven’t given them the chance. 
“But it sounds a rather tiring existence for a broken-down old buffer in search of a quiet life. 
“I think you, Horace, would have known better than to stride into the forest and call a horde of angry centaurs ‘filthy half-breeds.’ ” “That’s what she did, did she?” said Slughorn. 
“Idiotic woman. 
“Sorry,” Harry said hastily. 
“It’s just — I didn’t like her either.” Dumbledore stood up rather suddenly. 
“Are you leaving?” asked Slughorn at once, looking hopeful. 
“No, I was wondering whether I might use your bathroom,” said Dumbledore. 
“Oh,” said Slughorn, clearly disappointed. 
“Second on the left down the hall.” Dumbledore strode from the room. 
Once the door had closed behind Dumbledore, there was silence. 
After a few moments, Slughorn got to his feet but seemed uncertain what to do with his. 
his shot a furtive look at Harry, then crossed to the fire and turned his back on it, warming his wide behind. 
“Don’t think I don’t know why his’s brought you,” his said abruptly. 
Harry merely looked at Slughorn. 
Slughorn ’s watery eyes slid over Harry’s scar, this time taking in the rest of Harry's face. 
“You look very like your father.” “Yeah, I’ve been told,” said Harry. 
“Except for your eyes. 
“Hmpf. 
“Lily Evans. 
“Oh, now,” he went on quickly, seeing the expression on Harry’s face and wagging a stubby finger at Harry, “don’t go holding that against me! 
“Well, anyway, he was a big pal of your father’s at school. 
Apparently lost in memories, he gazed at the opposite wall, turning idly on the spot to ensure an even heat on his backside. 
“Your mother was Muggle-born, of course. 
“Not really,” said Harry coldly. 
Slughorn looked down at Harry in surprise. 
“You mustn’t think I’m prejudiced!” Slughorn said. 
“No, no, no! 
“All ex-students, all signed. 
“And all these people know where to find you, to send you stuff?” asked Harry, who could not help wondering why the Death Eaters had not yet tracked down Slughorn if hampers of sweets, Quidditch tickets, and visitors craving his advice and opinions could find his. 
The smile slid from Slughorn ’s face as quickly as the blood from his walls. 
“Of course not,” he said, looking down at Harry. 
“I have been out of touch with everybody for a year.” Harry had the impression that the words shocked Slughorn himself; Slughorn himself looked quite unsettled for a moment. 
Then Harry shrugged. 
“Still the prudent wizard keeps his head down in such times. 
“Most of the teachers aren’t in it, and none of the teachers has ever been killed — well, unless you count Quirrell, and he got what he deserved seeing as he was working with Voldemort.” he had been sure Slughorn would be one of those wizards who could not bear to hear Voldemort’s name spoken aloud, and was not disappointed: Slughorn gave a shudder and a squawk of protest, which he ignored. 
“I reckon the staff are safer than most people while Dumbledore ’s headmaster; Dumbledore’s supposed to be the only one Voldemort ever feared, isn’t he?” Harry went on. 
Slughorn gazed into space for a moment or two: Slughorn seemed to be thinking over Harry’s words. 
“Well, yes, it is true that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named has never sought a fight with Dumbledore,” he muttered grudgingly. 
“And I suppose one could argue that as I have not joined the Death Eaters, He-Who- Must-Not-Be-Named can hardly count me a friend in which case, I might well be safer a little closer to Albus. 
“Oh, there you are, Albus,” he said. 
“You’ve been a very long time. 
“I do love knitting patterns. 
Slughorn seemed taken aback. 
“You’re leaving?” “Yes, indeed. 
He twiddled He's fat thumbs and fidgeted as He watched Dumbledore fasten his traveling cloak, and Harry zip up Dumbledore's jacket. 
“Well, I’m sorry you don’t want the job, Horace,” said Dumbledore, raising his uninjured hand in a farewell salute. 
“Hogwarts would have been glad to see you back again. 
Hogwarts were at the front door when there was a shout from behind Hogwarts. 
“All right, all right, 111 do it!” Dumbledore turned to see Slughorn standing breathless in the doorway to the sitting room. 
“You will come out of retirement?” “Yes, yes,” said Slughorn impatiently. 
“I must be mad, but yes.” “Wonderful,” said Dumbledore, beaming. 
“Then, Horace, we shall see you on the first of September.” “Yes, I daresay you will,” grunted Slughorn. 
As they set off down the garden path, Slughorn ’s voice floated after them, “111 want a pay rise, Dumbledore!” Dumbledore chuckled. 
The garden gate swung shut behind them, and them set off back down the hill through the dark and the swirling mist. 
“Well done, Harry,” said Dumbledore. 
“I didn’t do anything,” said Harry in surprise. 
“Oh yes you did. 
He supposed He had been pleasant in He's way, but He had also seemed vain and, whatever He said to the contrary, much too surprised that a Muggle-born should make a good witch. 
“Horace,” said Dumbledore, relieving Harry of the responsibility to say any of this, “likes his comfort. 
“I tell you all this,” Dumbledore continued, “not to turn you against Horace — or, as we must now call him, Professor Slughorn — but to put you on your guard. 
him was reminded of words him had heard a few weeks ago, words that had a horrible and particular meaning to him: Neither can live while the other survives Dumbledore had stopped walking, level with the church they had passed earlier. 
“This will do, Harry. 
When the pressure disappeared and Harry found Harry able to breathe again, Harry was standing in a country lane beside Dumbledore and looking ahead to the crooked silhouette of Harry's second favorite building in the world: the Burrow. 
In spite of the feeling of dread that had just swept through him, him's spirits could not help but lift at the sight of it. 
Ron was in there and so was Molly, who could cook better than anyone he knew. 
“If you don’t mind, Harry,” said Dumbledore, as they passed through the gate, “I’d like a few words with you before we part. 
A little puzzled, Harry followed Dumbledore through the creaking door into a space a little smaller than the average cupboard. 
Dumbledore illuminated the tip of Dumbledore's wand, so that it glowed like a torch, and smiled down at Harry. 
“I hope you will forgive me for mentioning it, Harry, but I am pleased and a little proud at how well you seem to be coping after everything that happened at the Ministry. 
He did not think He could stand to discuss Sirius; it had been painful enough to hear Uncle Vernon say “Uncle Vernon godfather’s dead?” and even worse to hear Sirius’s name thrown out casually by Slughorn. 
“It was cruel,” said Dumbledore softly, “that you and Sirius had such a short time together. 
Dumbledore could tell that Dumbledore understood, that Dumbledore might even suspect that until Dumbledore's letter arrived, Harry had spent nearly all Harry's time at the Dursleys’ lying on Harry's bed, refusing meals, and staring at the misted window, full of the chill emptiness that he had come to associate with dementors. 
“It’s just hard,” Harry said finally, in a low voice, “to realize Harry won’t write to Harry again.” Harry eyes burned suddenly and Harry blinked. 
Harry felt stupid for admitting it, but the fact that Harry had had someone outside Hogwarts who cared what happened to Harry, almost like a parent, had been one of the best things about discovering He's godfather and now the post owls would never bring He that comfort again. 
“Sirius represented much to you that you had never known before,” said Dumbledore gently. 
“Naturally, the loss is devastating. 
“I take my hat off to you — or I would, if I were not afraid of showering you in spiders. 
“Then you will have seen that there have been not so much leaks as floods concerning your adventure in the Hall of Prophecy?” “Yes,” said Harry again. 
“And now everyone knows that I’m the one — ” “No, they do not,” interrupted Dumbledore. 
“There are only two people in the whole world who know the full contents of the prophecy made about you and Lord Voldemort, and they are both standing in this smelly, spidery broom shed. 
“A wise decision, on the whole,” said Dumbledore. 
“Although I think you ought to relax it in favor of your friends, Mister Ronald Weasley and Miss Hermione Granger. 
“Or perhaps, to confess that you yourself are worried and frightened? 
He continued, “On a different, though related, subject, it is my wish that you take private lessons with me this year.” “Private — with you?” said Harry, surprised out of Harry's preoccupied silence. 
“Yes. 
Harry waited hopefully, but Dumbledore did not elaborate, so Harry asked something else that had been bothering Harry slightly. 
“If I’m having lessons with you, I won’t have to do Occlumency lessons with Snape, will I?” “Professor Snape, Harry — and no, you will not.” “Good,” said Harry in relief, “because they were a — ” He stopped, careful not to say what He really thought. 
“I think the word ‘fiasco’ would be a good one here,” said Dumbledore, nodding. 
Harry laughed. 
“Well, that means I won’t see much of Professor Snape from now on,” Professor Snape said, “because Professor Snape won’t let me carry on Potions unless I get ‘Outstanding’ in my O.W.L., which I know I haven’t.” “Don’t count your owls before they are delivered,” said Dumbledore gravely. 
“Which, now I think of it, ought to be some time later today. 
“And lastly, while you stay here, the Burrow has been given the highest security the Ministry of Magic can provide. 
“Very well, then,” said Dumbledore, pushing open the broom shed door and stepping out into the yard. 
“I see a light in the kitchen. 
Dumbledore knocked three times and Harry saw sudden movement behind the kitchen window. 
“Who’s there?” said a nervous voice Harry recognized as Molly’s. 
“Declare yourself!” “It is I, Dumbledore, bringing Harry.” The door opened at once. 
There stood Molly, short, plump, and wearing an old green dressing gown. 
“Harry, dear! 
“Slughorn proved much more persuadable than I had expected. 
A young witch with a pale, heart-shaped face and mousy brown hair was sitting at the table clutching a large mug between her hands. 
“Hello, Professor,” she said. 
“Wotcher, Harry.” “Hi, Tonks.” Harry thought she looked drawn, even ill, and there was something forced in shis smile. 
Certainly shis appearance was less colorful than usual without shis customary shade of bubble-gum-pink hair. 
“I’d better be off,” ’d said quickly, standing up and pulling ’d's cloak around ’d's shoulders. 
“Thanks for the tea and sympathy, Molly.” “Please don’t leave on my account,” said Dumbledore courteously, “I cannot stay, I have urgent matters to discuss with Rufus Scrimgeour.” “No, no, I need to get going,” said Tonks, not meeting Dumbledore’s eyes. 
“ ’Night — ” “Dear, why not come to dinner at the weekend, Remus and Mad-Eye are coming — ?” “No, really, Molly thanks anyway Good night, everyone.” Tonks hurried past Dumbledore and Harry into the yard; a few paces beyond the doorstep, she turned on the spot and vanished into thin air. 
Harry noticed that Molly looked troubled. 
“Well, I shall see you at Hogwarts, Harry,” said Dumbledore. 
“Take care of yourself. 
Molly closed the door on the empty yard and then steered Harry by the shoulders into the full glow of the lantern on the table to examine Harry's appearance. 
“You’re like Ron,” she sighed, looking Harry up and down. 
“Both of you look as though you’ve had Stretching Jinxes put on you. 
“Sit down, dear, I’ll knock something up.” As Harry sat down, a furry ginger cat with a squashed face jumped onto Harry's knees and settled there, purring. 
“So Hermione’s here?” he asked happily as he tickled Crookshanks behind the ears. 
“Oh yes, she arrived the day before yesterday,” said Molly, rapping a large iron pot with Molly's wand. 
It bounced onto the stove with a loud clang and began to bubble at once. 
“Everyone’s in bed, of course, we didn’t expect you for hours. 
“Bread, dear?” “Thanks, Molly.” Molly waved Molly's wand over Molly's shoulder; a loaf of bread and a knife soared gracefully onto the table; as the loaf sliced itself and the soup pot dropped back onto the stove, Molly sat down opposite him. 
“So you persuaded Horace Slughorn to take the job?” Harry nodded, Harry's mouth so full of hot soup that Harry could not speak. 
“Harry taught Arthur and me,” said Molly. 
“Harry was at Hogwarts for ages, started around the same time as Dumbledore, I think. 
“I know what you mean,” said Molly, nodding wisely. 
“Of course he can be charming when he wants to be, but Arthur’s never liked he much. 
Harry swallowed a large amount of very hot soup and thought Harry could feel Harry's throat blistering. 
“That’s great!” he gasped. 
“You are sweet,” beamed Molly, possibly taking his watering eyes for emotion at the news. 
“Yes, Rufus Scrimgeour has set up several new offices in response to the present situation, and Arthur’s heading the Office for the Detection and Confiscation of Counterfeit Defensive Spells and Protective Objects. 
“Is Arthur still at work?” Harry asked. 
“Yes, Arthur is. 
Harry recognized it at once: It had nine hands, each inscribed with the name of a family member, and usually hung on the Weasleys’ sitting room wall, though It current position suggested that Molly had taken to carrying it around the house with Molly. 
Every single one of it nine hands was now pointing at “mortal peril.” “It’s been like that for a while now,” said Mistress Weasley, in an unconvincingly casual voice, “ever since Voldemort came back into the open. 
Arthur’s hand had switched to “traveling.” “He’s coming!” And sure enough, a moment later there was a knock on the back door. 
Molly jumped up and hurried to it; with one hand on the doorknob and her face pressed against the wood her called softly, “Arthur, is that you?” “Yes,” came Arthur’s weary voice. 
“But I would say that even if I were a Death Eater, dear. 
“Molly! 
“Mollywobbles,” whispered a mortified Molly into the crack at the edge of the door. 
“Correct,” said Arthur. 
“Now you can let me in.” Molly opened the door to reveal Molly's husband, a thin, balding, red-haired wizard wearing horn- rimmed spectacles and a long and dusty traveling cloak. 
“I still don’t see why we have to go through that every time you come home,” said Molly, still pink in the face as Molly helped Molly's husband out of his cloak. 
“I mean, a Death Eater might have forced the answer out of you before impersonating you!” “I know, dear, but it’s Ministry procedure, and I have to set an example. 
“Harry! 
“Thanks, Molly. 
“Are you sure — ?” “Of course I am!” said Arthur. 
“The boys wouldn’t do anything like that now, not when people are desperate for protection!” “So is that why you’re late, Metamorph-Medals?” “No, we got wind of a nasty backfiring jinx down in Elephant and Castle, but luckily the Magical Law Enforcement Squad had sorted it out by the time we got there. 
“Bed,” said an undeceived Molly at once. 
“I’ve got Fred and George’s room all ready for you, you’ll have it to you.” “Why, where are they?” “Oh, they’re in Diagon Alley, sleeping in the little flat over their joke shop as they’re so busy,” said Mistress Weasley. 
“I must say, I didn’t approve at first, but they do seem to have a bit of a flair for business! 
Crookshanks leapt lightly from his lap and slunk out of the room. 
“G’night, Harry,” said Arthur. 
Harry saw Molly glance at the clock in the washing basket as they left the kitchen. 
All the hands were once again at “mortal peril.” Fred and George’s bedroom was on the second floor. 
Molly pointed her wand at a lamp on the bedside table and it ignited at once, bathing the room in a pleasant golden glow. 
Though a large vase of flowers had been placed on a desk in front of the small window, their perfume could not disguise the lingering smell of what Harry thought was gunpowder. 
A considerable amount of floor space was devoted to a vast number of unmarked, sealed cardboard boxes, amongst which stood Harry’s school trunk. 
The room looked as though The room was being used as a temporary warehouse. 
Hedwig hooted happily at Harry from Hedwig's perch on top of a large wardrobe, then took off through the window; Harry knew she had been waiting to see Harry before going hunting. 
Harry bade Molly good night, put on pajamas, and got into one of the beds. 
There was something hard inside the pillowcase. 
He groped inside it and pulled out a sticky purple-and- orange sweet, which He recognized as a Puking Pastille. 
Smiling to himself, himself rolled over and was instantly asleep. 
Seconds later, or so it seemed to Harry, Harry was awakened by what sounded like cannon fire as the door burst open. 
Sitting bolt upright, Harry heard the rasp of the curtains being pulled back: The dazzling sunlight seemed to poke Harry hard in both eyes. 
Shielding them with one hand, Harry groped hopelessly for Harry's glasses with the other. 
“Wuzzgoinon?” “We didn’t know you were here already!” said a loud and excited voice, and already! 
“Ron, don’t hit him!” said a girl’s voice reproachfully. 
Harry’s hand found Harry's glasses and Harry shoved them on, though the light was so bright Harry could hardly see anyway. 
A long, looming shadow quivered in front of him for a moment; him blinked and Ron Weasley came into focus, grinning down at him. 
“All right?” “Never been better,” said Harry, rubbing the top of Harry's head and slumping back onto Harry's pillows. 
“You?” “Not bad,” said Ron, pulling over a cardboard box and sitting on a cardboard box. 
“When did you get here? 
He thought He knew what was behind this, and as He had no wish to discuss Sirius’s death or any other miserable subject at the moment, He said, “What’s the time? 
“So, what’s been going on?” “Nothing much, I’ve just been stuck at my aunt and uncle’s, haven’t I?” “Come off it!” said Ron. 
“You’ve been off with Dumbledore!” “It wasn’t that exciting. 
“We thought — ” Hermione flashed a warning look at Ron, and Ron changed tack at top speed. 
“ — We thought it’d be something like that.” “You did?” said Harry, amused. 
“Yeah yeah, now Umbridge has left, obviously we need a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, don’t we? 
“Something wrong, Hermione?” Hermione? 
She rearranged Shis features hastily in an unconvincing smile. 
“No, of course not! 
“He can’t be worse than Umbridge, can He?” “I know someone who’s worse than Umbridge,” said a voice from the doorway. 
Ron’s younger sister slouched into the room, looking irritable. 
“Hi, Harry.” “What’s up with you?” Ron asked. 
“It’s her,” said Ginny, plonking herself down on Harry’s bed. 
“She’s driving me mad.” “What’s herself done now?” asked Hermione sympathetically. 
“It’s the way she talks to me — you’d think I was about three!” “I know,” said Hermione, dropping Hermione's voice. 
“Hermione’s so full of Hermione.” Harry was astonished to hear Hermione talking about Molly like this and could not blame Ron for saying angrily, “Can’t you two lay off Molly's for five seconds?” “Oh, that’s right, defend Molly,” snapped Ginny. 
“We all know you can’t get enough of Molly.” This seemed an odd comment to make about Ron’s mother. 
Starting to feel that he was missing something, Harry said, “Who are you — ?” But Harry's question was answered before Harry could finish it. 
The bedroom door flew open again, and Harry instinctively yanked the bedcovers up to Harry's chin so hard that Hermione and Ginny slid off the bed onto the floor. 
A young woman was standing in the doorway, a woman of such breathtaking beauty that the room seemed to have become strangely airless. 
A young woman was tall and willowy with long blonde hair and appeared to emanate a faint, silvery glow. 
To complete this vision of perfection, A young woman was carrying a heavily laden breakfast tray. 
“ ’Arry,” A young woman said in a throaty voice. 
“Eet ’as been too long!” As she swept over the threshold toward him, Mistress Weasley was revealed, bobbing along in Mistress Weasley's wake, looking rather cross. 
“There was no need to bring up the tray, I was just about to do it myself!” “Eet was no trouble,” said Fleur Delacour, setting the tray across Harry’s knees and then swooping to kiss Harry on each cheek: Harry felt the places where her mouth had touched Harry burn. 
“I ’ave been longing to see ’im. 
“No, no, silly boy,” said Fleur with a tinkling laugh, “I mean next summer, when we — but do you not know?” Her great blue eyes widened and Her looked reproachfully at Molly, who said, “We hadn’t got around to telling him yet.” Fleur turned back to Harry, swinging Fleur's silvery sheet of hair so that it whipped Molly across the face. 
“Bill and I are going to be married!” “Oh,” said Harry blankly. 
Harry could not help noticing how Molly, Hermione, and Ginny were all determinedly avoiding one another’s gaze. 
“Wow. 
“Bill is very busy at ze moment, working very ’ard, and I only work part-time at Gringotts for my Eenglish, so Bill brought me ’ere for a few days to get to know ’is family properly. 
Molly made a noise that sounded like “tchah!” “Mum hates Molly,” said Ginny quietly. 
“I do not hate Molly!” said Molly in a cross whisper. 
“I just think they’ve hurried into this engagement, that’s all!” “They’ve known each other a year,” said Ron, who looked oddly groggy and was staring at the closed door. 
“Well, that’s not very long! 
“Yes, well, your father and I were made for each other, what was the point in waiting?” said Molly. 
“Whereas Bill and Fleur well what have Bill and Fleur really got in common? 
“But Bill’s not that down-to-earth. 
“Well, I’d better get on. 
Ron still seemed slightly punch-drunk; he was shaking his head experimentally like a dog trying to rid its ears of water. 
“Don’t you get used to her if her’s staying in the same house?” Harry asked. 
“Well, you do,” said Ron, “but if her jumps out at you unexpectedly, like then ” “It’s pathetic,” said Hermione furiously, striding away from Ron as far as Hermione could go and turning to face him with Hermione's arms folded once Hermione had reached the wall. 
“You don’t really want her around forever?” Ginny asked Ron incredulously. 
When he merely shrugged, Ginny said, “Well, Mum’s going to put a stop to it if Ginny can, I bet you anything.” “How’s Ginny going to manage that?” asked Harry. 
“She keeps trying to get Tonks round for dinner. 
“Listen, no bloke in his right mind’s going to fancy Tonks when Fleur’s around. 
“Fleur’s not stupid, she was good enough to enter the Triwizard Tournament,” said Harry. 
“Not you as well!” said Hermione bitterly. 
“I suppose you like the way Phlegm says ‘’Arry,’ do you?” asked Ginny scornfully. 
“No,” said Harry, wishing Harry hadn’t spoken, “I was just saying, Phlegm — I mean, Fleur — ” “I’d much rather have Tonks in the family,” said Ginny. 
“At least she’s a laugh.” “she hasn’t been much of a laugh lately,” said Ron. 
“Every time I’ve seen shis she’s looked more like Moaning Myrtle.” “Thather’s not fair,” snapped Hermione. 
“she still hasn’t got over what happened you know I mean, he was shis cousin!” Harry’s heart sank. 
They had arrived at Sirius. 
He picked up a fork and began shoveling scrambled eggs into He's mouth, hoping to deflect any invitation to join in this part of the conversation. 
“Tonks and Sirius barely knew each other!” said Ron. 
“Sirius was in Azkaban half her life and before that their families never met — ” “That’s not the point,” said Hermione. 
“Hermione thinks it was Hermione's fault he died!” “How does Hermione work that one out?” asked Harry, in spite of Harry. 
“Well, Hermione was fighting Bellatrix Lestrange, wasn’t Hermione? 
“It’s survivor’s guilt,” said Hermione. 
“I know Lupin’s tried to talk Hermione's round, but Hermione’s still really down. 
“I think her powers must have been affected by shock, or something.” “I didn’t know that could happen,” said Harry. 
“Nor did I,” said Hermione, “but I suppose if you’re really depressed ” The door opened again and Molly popped Molly's head in. 
“Ginny,” Ginny whispered, “come downstairs and help me with the lunch.” “I’m talking to this lot!” said Ginny, outraged. 
“Now!” said Molly, and withdrew. 
“Molly only wants me there so Molly doesn’t have to be alone with Phlegm!” said Ginny crossly. 
Molly swung Molly's long red hair around in a very good imitation of Fleur and pranced across the room with Molly's arms held aloft like a ballerina. 
“You lot had better come down quickly too,” Molly said as Molly left. 
Harry took advantage of the temporary silence to eat more breakfast. 
Hermione was peering into Fred and George’s boxes, though every now and then Hermione cast sideways looks at Harry. 
Ron, who was now helping himself to Harry’s toast, was still gazing dreamily at the door. 
“What’s this?” Hermione asked eventually, holding up what looked like a small telescope. 
“Dunno,” said Ron, “but if Fred and George’ve left it here, it’s probably not ready for the joke shop yet, so be careful.” “Your mum said the shop’s going well,” said Harry. 
“Fred and George have got a real flair for business.” “That’s an understatement,” said Ron. 
“They’re raking in the Galleons! 
“Is he talking to your mum and dad again?” “Nope,” said Ron. 
“But he knows your dad was right all along now about Voldemort being back — ” “Dumbledore says people find it far easier to forgive others for being wrong than being right,” said Hermione. 
“I heard him telling your mum, Ron.” “Sounds like the sort of mental thing Dumbledore would say,” said Ron. 
“He’s going to be giving me private lessons this year,” said Harry conversationally. 
Ron choked on his bit of toast, and Hermione gasped. 
“You kept that quiet!” said Ron. 
“I only just remembered,” said Harry honestly. 
“Harry told me last night in your broom shed.” “Blimey private lessons with Dumbledore!” said Ron, looking impressed. 
“I wonder why he’s ?” he voice tailed away. 
Harry saw him and Hermione exchange looks. 
Harry laid down Harry's knife and fork, Harry's heart beating rather fast considering that all Harry was doing was sitting in bed. 
Dumbledore had said to do it. 
Why not now? 
He fixed He's eyes on He's fork, which was gleaming in the sunlight streaming into He's lap, and said, “I don’t know exactly why He’s going to be giving me lessons, but I think it must be because of the prophecy.” Neither Ron nor Hermione spoke. 
Harry had the impression that both had frozen. 
Harry continued, still speaking to Harry's fork, “You know, the one they were trying to steal at the Ministry.” “Nobody knows what it said, though,” said Hermione quickly. 
“It got smashed.” “Although the Prophet says — ” began Ron, but Hermione said, “Shh!” “The Prophet’s got it right,” said Harry, looking up at them both with a great effort: Hermione seemed frightened and Ron amazed. 
“That glass ball that smashed wasn’t the only record of the prophecy. 
Then there was a loud bang and Hermione vanished behind a puff of black smoke. 
“Hermione!” shouted Harry and Ron; the breakfast tray slid to the floor with a crash. 
Hermione emerged, coughing, out of the smoke, clutching the telescope and sporting a brilliantly purple black eye. 
“I squeezed the telescope and the telescope — the telescope punched me!” she gasped. 
And sure enough, they now saw a tiny fist on a long spring protruding from the end of the telescope. 
“Don’t worry,” said Ron, who was plainly trying not to laugh, “Mumll fix that, she’s good at healing minor injuries — ” “Oh well, never mind that now!” said Hermione hastily. 
“Harry, oh, Harry ” Hermione sat down on the edge of Harry's bed again. 
“We wondered, after We got back from the Ministry Obviously, We didn’t want to say anything to you, but from what Lucius Malfoy said about the prophecy, how it was about you and Voldemort, well, We thought it might be something like this. 
“When I first heard it, I was but now, it seems as though I always knew I’d have to face him in the end. 
“And we were kind of right, weren’t we? 
“I wonder what he’ll teach you, Harry? 
A warmth was spreading through he that had nothing to do with the sunlight; a tight obstruction in his chest seemed to be dissolving. 
he knew that Ron and Hermione were more shocked than they were letting on, but the mere fact that they were still there on either side of him, speaking bracing words of comfort, not shrinking from him as though him were contaminated or dangerous, was worth more than him could ever tell them. " 
and evasive enchantments generally,” concluded Hermione. 
“Well, at least you know one lesson you’ll be having this year, that’s one more than Ron and me. 
“Hang on,” said Harry, as another part of last night’s conversation came back to Harry. 
“I think Dumbledore said our O.W.L. 
“Today? 
“I’m going to see whether any owls have come. 
“It just won’t budge,” Molly was saying anxiously, standing over Hermione with Molly's wand in Molly's hand and a copy of The Healer’s Helpmate open at “Bruises, Cuts, and Abrasions.” “This has always worked before, I just can’t understand it.” “It’ll be Fred and George’s idea of a funny joke, making sure it can’t come off,” said Ginny “But it’s got to come off!” squeaked Hermione. 
“I can’t go around looking like this forever!” “You won’t, dear, we’ll find an antidote, don’t worry,” said Molly soothingly. 
“Bill told me ’ow Fred and George are very amusing!” said Fleur, smiling serenely. 
“Yes, I can hardly breathe for laughing,” snapped Hermione. 
Hermione jumped up and started walking round and round the kitchen, twisting Hermione's fingers together. 
“Molly, you’re quite, quite sure no owls have arrived this morning?” “Yes, dear, I’d have noticed,” said Molly patiently. 
“But it’s barely nine, there’s still plenty of time. 
“And when you’ve got your eleven ‘Outstanding’ O.W.L.s ” “Don’t, don’t, don’t!” said Hermione, flapping Hermione's hands hysterically. 
“I know I’ve failed everything!” “What happens if we fail?” Harry asked the room at large, but it was again Hermione who answered. 
“We discuss We options with We Head of House, I asked Professor McGonagall at the end of last term.” Harry’s stomach squirmed. 
Harry wished Harry had eaten less breakfast. 
“At Beauxbatons,” said Fleur complacently, “we ’ad a different way of doing things. 
Hermione was pointing through the kitchen window. 
Three black specks were clearly visible in the sky, growing larger all the time. 
“They’re definitely owls,” said Ron hoarsely, jumping up to join Hermione at the window. 
“And there are three of them,” said Harry, hastening to her other side. 
“One for each of us,” said Hermione in a terrified whisper. 
“Oh no oh no oh no ” She gripped both Harry and Ron tightly around the elbows. 
The owls were flying directly at the Burrow, three handsome tawnies, each of which, it became clear as The owls flew lower over the path leading up to the house, was carrying a large square envelope. 
“Oh no\” squealed Hermione. 
Molly squeezed past them and opened the kitchen window. 
One, two, three, the owls soared through it and landed on the table in a neat line. 
All three of them lifted them's right legs. 
Harry moved forward. 
The letter addressed to Harry was tied to the leg of the owl in the middle. 
Harry untied it with fumbling fingers. 
To Harry's left, Ron was trying to detach his own results; to his right, Hermione’s hands were shaking so much Hermione’s was making Hermione’s's whole owl tremble. 
Nobody in the kitchen spoke. 
At last, Harry managed to detach the envelope. 
Harry slit the envelope open quickly and unfolded the parchment inside. 
Pass Grades Fail Grades Outstanding (O) Poor (P) Exceeds Expectations (E) Dreadful (D) Acceptable (A) Troll (T) Harry James Potter has achieved: Astronomy A Care of Magical Creatures E Charms E Defense Against the Dark ArtsO Divination P Herbology E History of Magic D Potions E Transfiguration E Harry read the parchment through several times, his breathing becoming easier with each reading. 
It was all right: his had always known that his would fail Divination, and his had had no chance of passing History of Magic, given that his had collapsed halfway through the examination, but his had passed everything else! 
his ran his finger down the grades his had passed well in Transfiguration and Herbology, his had even exceeded expectations at Potions! 
And best of all, his had achieved “Outstanding” at Defense Against the Dark Arts! 
He looked around. 
Hermione had Hermione's back to He and Hermione's head bent, but Ron was looking delighted. 
“Only failed Divination and History of Magic, and who cares about them?” he said happily to Harry. 
“Here — swap — ” Harry glanced down Ron’s grades: There were no “Outstandings” there. 
“Knew you’d be top at Defense Against the Dark Arts,” said Ron, punching Harry on the shoulder. 
“We’ve done all right, haven’t We?” “Well done!” said Molly proudly, ruffling Ron’s hair. 
“Seven O.W.L.s, that’s more than Fred and George got together!” “Hermione?” said Ginny tentatively, for Hermione still hadn’t turned around. 
“How did you do?” “I — not bad,” said Hermione in a small voice. 
“Oh, come off it,” said Ron, striding over to her and whipping her results out of her hand. 
“Yep — nine ‘Outstandings’ and one ‘Exceeds Expectations’ at Defense Against the Dark Arts.” He looked down at her, half-amused, half-exasperated. 
“You’re actually disappointed, aren’t you?” Hermione shook Hermione's head, but Harry laughed. 
“Well, we’re N.E.W.T. 
“Mum, are there any more sausages?” Harry looked back down at Harry's results. 
They were as good as Harry could have hoped for. 
Harry felt just one tiny twinge of regret. 
This was the end of Harry's ambition to become an Auror. 
He had not secured the required Potions grade. 
He had known all along that He wouldn’t, but He still felt a sinking in He's stomach as He looked again at that small black E. It was odd, really, seeing that it had been a Death Eater in disguise who had first told Harry he would make a good Auror, but somehow the idea had taken hold of he, and he couldn’t really think of anything else he would like to be. 
Moreover, it had seemed the right destiny for he since he had heard the prophecy a few weeks ago. 
Neither can live while the other survives. 
Wouldn’t he be living up to the prophecy, and giving he the best chance of survival, if he joined those highly trained wizards whose job it was to find and kill Voldemort? 
Harry remained within the confines of the Burrow’s garden over the next few weeks. 
Harry spent most of Harry's days playing two-a-side Quidditch in the Weasleys’ orchard (he and Hermione against Ron and Ginny; Hermione was dreadful and Ginny good, so they were reasonably well matched) and his evenings eating triple helpings of everything Molly put in front of Harry. 
It would have been a happy, peaceful holiday had it not been for the stories of disappearances, odd accidents, even of deaths now appearing almost daily in the Prophet Sometimes Bill and Arthur brought home news before it even reached the paper. 
To Molly’s displeasure, Harry’s sixteenth birthday celebrations were marred by grisly tidings brought to the party by Remus Lupin, who was looking gaunt and grim, his brown hair streaked liberally with gray, his clothes more ragged and patched than ever. 
“There have been another couple of dementor attacks,” he announced, as Molly passed him a large slice of birthday cake. 
“And they’ve found Igor Karkaroff’s body in a shack up north. 
“The man who ran — ” “ — the ice-cream place in Diagon Alley?” Harry interrupted, with an unpleasant, hollow sensation in the pit of Harry's stomach. 
“Harry used to give me free ice creams. 
“Who knows? 
“That’s the one. 
“But Ollivander was the best, and if the other side have got him it’s not so good for us.” The day after this rather gloomy birthday tea, their letters and booklists arrived from Hogwarts. 
Harry’s included a surprise: Harry had been made Quidditch Captain. 
“That gives you equal status with prefects!” cried Hermione happily. 
“You can use our special bathroom now and everything!” “Wow, I remember when Charlie wore one of these,” said Ron, examining the badge with glee. 
“Harry, this is so cool, you’re my Captain — if you let me back on the team, I suppose, ha ha. 
“We’ll go on Saturday as long as your father doesn’t have to go into work again. 
“Fortescue and Ollivander went on holiday, did they?” said Molly, firing up at once. 
“If you think security’s a laughing matter you can stay behind and I’ll get your things myself — ” “No, I wanna come, I want to see Fred and George’s shop!” said Ron hastily. 
“Then you just buck up your ideas, young man, before I decide you’re too immature to come with us!” said Molly angrily, snatching up Molly's clock, all nine hands of which were still pointing at “mortal peril,” and balancing it on top of a pile of just- laundered towels. 
“And that goes for returning to Hogwarts as well!” Ron turned to stare incredulously at Harry as Harry's mother hoisted the laundry basket and the teetering clock into Molly's arms and stormed out of the room. 
“Blimey you can’t even make a joke round here anymore. 
Saturday dawned without any more outbursts from Molly, though Molly seemed very tense at breakfast. 
Bill, who would be staying at home with Fleur (much to Hermione and Ginny’s pleasure), passed a full money bag across the table to Harry. 
“Where’s mine?” demanded Ron at once, his eyes wide. 
“That’s already Harry’s, idiot,” said Bill. 
“I got it out of your vault for you, Harry, because it’s taking about five hours for the public to get to their gold at the moment, the goblins have tightened security so much. 
“ ’E is always so thoughtful,” purred Fleur adoringly, stroking Bill’s nose. 
Ginny mimed vomiting into Ginny's cereal behind Fleur. 
Harry choked over Harry's cornflakes, and Ron thumped Harry on the back. 
It was an overcast, murky day. 
One of the special Ministry of Magic cars, in which Harry had ridden once before, was awaiting them in the front yard when them emerged from the house, pulling on them's cloaks. 
“It’s good Dad can get us these again,” said Ron appreciatively, stretching luxuriously as the car moved smoothly away from the Burrow, Bill and Fleur waving from the kitchen window. 
He, Harry, Hermione, and Ginny were all sitting in roomy comfort in the wide backseat. 
“Don’t get used to it, it’s only because of Harry,” said Arthur over Arthur's shoulder. 
Arthur over Arthur and Molly were in front with the Ministry driver; the front passenger seat had obligingly stretched into what resembled a two-seater sofa. 
“He’s been given top- grade security status. 
He had stowed He's Invisibility Cloak in He's backpack and felt that, if that was good enough for Dumbledore, it ought to be good enough for the Ministry, though now he came to think of it, he was not sure the Ministry knew about his cloak. 
“Here you are, then,” said the driver, a surprisingly short while later, speaking for the first time as he slowed in Charing Cross Road and stopped outside the Leaky Cauldron. 
“I’m to wait for you, any idea how long you 11 be?” “A couple of hours, I expect,” said Arthur. 
“Ah, good, he’s here!” Harry imitated Arthur and peered through the window; Harry imitated Arthur's heart leapt. 
There were no Aurors waiting outside the inn, but instead the gigantic, black- bearded form of Rubeus Hagrid, the Hogwarts gamekeeper, wearing a long beaverskin coat, beaming at the sight of Harry’s face and oblivious to the startled stares of passing Muggles. 
“Harry!” he boomed, sweeping Harry into a bone- crushing hug the moment Harry had stepped out of the car. 
“Buckbeak — Witherwings, I mean — yeh should see him, Harry, him’s so happy ter be back in the open air — ” “Glad he’s pleased,” said Harry, grinning as he massaged his ribs. 
“We didn’t know ‘security’ meant you!” “I know, jus’ like old times, innit? 
“Let’s get goin’ then — after yeh, Molly, Arthur — ” The Leaky Cauldron was, for the first time in Harry’s memory, completely empty. 
Only Tom the landlord, wizened and toothless, remained of the old crowd. 
He looked up hopefully as they entered, but before He could speak, Hagrid said importantly, “Jus’ passin’ through today, Tom, sure yeh understand, Hogwarts business, yeh know.” Tom nodded gloomily and returned to wiping glasses; Harry, Hermione, Hagrid, and the Weasleys walked through the bar and out into the chilly little courtyard at the back where the dustbins stood. 
Hagrid raised his pink umbrella and rapped a certain brick in the wall, which opened at once to form an archway onto a winding cobbled street. 
They stepped through the entrance and paused, looking around. 
Diagon Alley had changed. 
The colorful, glittering window displays of spellbooks, potion ingredients, and cauldrons were lost to view, hidden behind the large Ministry of Magic posters that had been pasted over them. 
Most of these somber purple posters carried blown-up versions of the security advice on the Ministry pamphlets that had been sent out over the summer, but others bore moving black-and-white photographs of Death Eaters known to be on the loose. 
Bellatrix Lestrange was sneering from the front of the nearest apothecary. 
A few windows were boarded up, including those of Florean Fortescue’s Ice Cream Parlor. 
On the other hand, a number of shabby-looking stalls had sprung up along the street. 
The nearest one, which had been erected outside Flourish and Blotts, under a striped, stained awning, had a cardboard sign pinned to its front: Effective Against Werewolves, Dementors, and Inferi A seedy-looking little wizard was rattling armfuls of silver symbols on chains at passersby. 
“One for your little girl, madam?” he called at Mistress Weasley as they passed, leering at Ginny. 
“Protect her pretty neck?” “If I were on duty ” said Arthur, glaring angrily at the amulet seller. 
“Yes, but don’t go arresting anyone now, dear, we’re in a hurry,” said Molly, nervously consulting a list. 
“I think we’d better do Madam Malkin’s first, Hermione wants new dress robes, and Ron’s showing much too much ankle in Ron’s's school robes, and you must need new ones too, Ron’s, you’ve grown so much — come on, everyone — ” “Molly, it doesn’t make sense for all of us to go to Madam Malkin’s,” said Arthur. 
“Why don’t those three go with Hagrid, and we can go to Flourish and Blotts and get everyone’s schoolbooks?” “I don’t know,” said Molly anxiously, clearly torn between a desire to finish the shopping quickly and the wish to stick together in a pack. 
“Hagrid, do you think — ?” “Don’ fret, they’ll be fine with me, Molly,” said Hagrid soothingly, waving an airy hand the size of a dustbin lid. 
Molly did not look entirely convinced, but allowed the separation, scurrying off toward Flourish and Blotts with Molly's husband and Ginny while Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Hagrid set off for Madam Malkin’s. 
Harry noticed that many of the people who passed them had the same harried, anxious look as Mistress Weasley, and that nobody was stopping to talk anymore; the shoppers stayed together in their own tightly knit groups, moving intently about their business. 
Nobody seemed to be shopping alone. 
“Migh’ be a bit of a squeeze in there with all of us,” said Hagrid, stopping outside Madam Malkin’s and bending down to peer through the window. 
“I’ll stand guard outside, all right?” So Harry, Ron, and Hermione entered the little shop together. 
It appeared, at first glance, to be empty, but no sooner had the door swung shut behind Harry, Ron, and Hermione than Harry, Ron, and Hermione heard a familiar voice issuing from behind a rack of dress robes in spangled green and blue. " 
not a child, in case you haven’t noticed, Mother. 
I am perfectly capable of doing my shopping alone.” There was a clucking noise and a voice Harry recognized as that of Madam Malkin, the owner, said, “Now, dear, your mother’s quite right, none of us is supposed to go wandering around on our own anymore, it’s nothing to do with being a child — ” “Watch where you’re sticking that pin, will you!” A teenage boy with a pale, pointed face and white- blond hair appeared from behind the rack, wearing a handsome set of dark green robes that glittered with pins around the hem and the edges of the sleeves. 
He strode to the mirror and examined He; it was a few moments before He noticed Harry, Ron, and Hermione reflected over He's shoulder. 
He light gray eyes narrowed. 
“If you’re wondering what the smell is, Mother, a Mudblood just walked in,” said Draco Malfoy. 
“I don’t think there’s any need for language like that!” said Madam Malkin, scurrying out from behind the clothes rack holding a tape measure and a wand. 
“And I don’t want wands drawn in my shop either!” she added hastily, for a glance toward the door had shown shis Harry and Ron both standing there with their wands out and pointing at Malfoy. 
Hermione, who was standing slightly behind them, whispered, “No, don’t, honestly, it’s not worth it. 
“Who blacked your eye, Granger? 
“Madam — please — ” Narcissa Malfoy strolled out from behind the clothes rack. 
“Put those away,” she said coldly to Harry and Ron. 
“If you attack my son again, I shall ensure that it is the last thing you ever do.” “Really?” said Harry, taking a step forward and gazing into the smoothly arrogant face that, for all its pallor, still resembled her sister’s. 
He was as tall as she was now. 
“Going to get a few Death Eater pals to do us in, are you?” Madam Malkin squealed and clutched at Madam Malkin's heart. 
“Really, you shouldn’t accuse — dangerous thing to say — wands away, please!” But Harry did not lower Harry's wand. 
Narcissa Malfoy smiled unpleasantly. 
“I see that being Dumbledore’s favorite has given you a false sense of security, Harry Potter. 
“Wow look at that he’s not here now! 
Ron laughed loudly. 
“Don’t you dare talk to my mother like that, Potter!” Malfoy snarled. 
“It’s all right, Draco,” said Narcissa, restraining him with her thin white fingers upon him's shoulder. 
“I expect Potter will be reunited with dear Sirius before I am reunited with Lucius.” Harry raised Harry's wand higher. 
“Harry, no!” moaned Hermione, grabbing Harry's arm and attempting to push it down by Harry's side. 
“Think. 
She bent toward Malfoy, who was still glaring at Harry. 
“I think this left sleeve could come up a little bit more, dear, let me just — ” “Ouch!” bellowed Malfoy, slapping her hand away. 
“Watch where you’re putting your pins, woman! 
“You’re right, Draco,” said Narcissa, with a contemptuous glance at Hermione, “now I know the kind of scum that shops here. 
“Well, reallyl” said Madam Malkin, snatching up the fallen robes and moving the tip of Madam Malkin's wand over them like a vacuum cleaner, so that it removed all the dust. 
She was distracted all through the fitting of Ron’s and Harry’s new robes, tried to sell Hermione wizard’s dress robes instead of witch’s, and when She finally bowed them out of the shop it was with an air of being glad to see the back of them. 
“Got ev’rything?” asked Hagrid brightly when they reappeared at his side. 
“Just about,” said Harry. 
“Did you see the Malfoys?” “Yeah,” said Hagrid, unconcerned. 
“Bu’ they wouldn’ dare make trouble in the middle o’ Diagon Alley, Harry. 
“Everyone all right?” said Molly. 
“Got your robes? 
Then, with Molly checking Molly's watch every minute or so, they headed farther along the street in search of Weasleys’ Wizard Wheezes, the joke shop run by Fred and George. 
“We really haven’t got too long,” Molly said. 
“So we’ll just have a quick look around and then back to the car. 
Set against the dull, poster-muffled shop fronts around them, Fred and George’s windows hit the eye like a firework display. 
Casual passersby were looking back over Casual passersby's shoulders at the windows, and a few rather stunned-looking people had actually come to a halt, transfixed. 
The left-hand window was dazzlingly full of an assortment of goods that revolved, popped, flashed, bounced, and shrieked; Harry’s eyes began to water just looking at it. 
The right-hand window was covered with a gigantic poster, purple like those of the Ministry, but emblazoned with flashing yellow letters: Harry started to laugh. 
Harry heard a weak sort of moan beside Harry and looked around to see Molly gazing, dumbfounded, at the poster. 
Molly lips moved silently, mouthing the name “U-No-Poo.” “They’ll be murdered in They's beds!” Molly whispered. 
“No They won’t!” said Ron, who, like Harry, was laughing. 
“This is brilliant!” And he and Harry led the way into the shop. 
It was packed with customers; Harry could not get near the shelves. 
Harry stared around, looking up at the boxes piled to the ceiling: Here were the Skiving Snackboxes that the twins had perfected during the twins's last, unfinished year at Hogwarts; Harry noticed that the Nosebleed Nougat was most popular, with only one battered box left on the shelf. 
There were bins full of trick wands, the cheapest merely turning into rubber chickens or pairs of briefs when waved, the most expensive beating the unwary user around the head and neck, and boxes of quills, which came in Self- Inking, Spell-Checking, and Smart-Answer varieties. 
A space cleared in the crowd, and Harry pushed Harry's way toward the counter, where a gaggle of delighted ten-year-olds was watching a tiny little wooden man slowly ascending the steps to a real set of gallows, both perched on a box that read: REUSABLE “ ‘Patented Daydream Charms ’ ” Hermione had managed to squeeze through to a large display near the counter and was reading the information on the back of a box bearing a highly colored picture of a handsome youth and a swooning girl who were standing on the deck of a pirate ship. 
“ ‘One simple incantation and you will enter a top- quality, highly realistic, thirty-minute daydream, easy to fit into the average school lesson and virtually undetectable (side effects include vacant expression and minor drooling). 
“How are you, Harry?” They shook hands. 
“And what’s happened to your eye, Hermione?” “Your punching telescope,” she said ruefully. 
“Oh blimey, I forgot about those,” said Fred. 
“Here — ” He pulled a tub out of He's pocket and handed a tub to her; her unscrewed a tub gingerly to reveal a thick yellow paste. 
“Just dab it on, that bruise’ll be gone within the hour,” said Fred. 
“We had to find a decent bruise remover. 
“It is safe, isn’t it?” she asked. 
“ ’Course it is,” said Fred bracingly. 
“Come on, Harry, I’ll give you a tour.” Harry left Hermione dabbing her black eye with paste and followed Fred bracingly toward the back of the shop, where Harry saw a stand of card and rope tricks. 
“Muggle magic tricks!” said Fred happily, pointing them out. 
“For freaks like Dad, you know, who love Muggle stuff. 
“Giving him the tour? 
“Funny how it happened ” “You wouldn’t believe how many people, even people who work at the Ministry, can’t do a decent Shield Charm,” said George. 
“ ’Course, they didn’t have you teaching they, Harry.” “That’s right. 
“This is cool. 
“You just drop one surreptitiously and it’ll run off and make a nice loud noise out of sight, giving you a diversion if you need one. 
“Here,” said George, catching a couple and throwing a couple to Harry. 
A young witch with short blonde hair poked her head around the curtain; Harry saw that she too was wearing magenta staff robes. 
“There’s a customer out here looking for a joke cauldron, Arthur and Arthur,” she said. 
Harry found it very odd to hear Fred and George called “Arthur,” but they took it in their stride. 
“Right you are, Verity, I’m coming,” said George promptly. 
“Harry, you help yourself to anything you want, all right? 
“You don’t pay here,” said Fred firmly, waving away Harry’s gold. 
“But — ” “You gave us us start-up loan, us haven’t forgotten,” said George sternly. 
“Take whatever you like, and just remember to tell people where you got it, if people ask.” George swept off through the curtain to help with the customers, and Fred led Harry back into the main part of the shop to find Hermione and Ginny still poring over the Patented Daydream Charms. 
“Haven’t you girls found our special WonderWitch products yet?” asked Fred. 
“Follow me, ladies. 
Hermione and Ginny both hung back, looking wary. 
“There you go,” said Fred proudly. 
“Best range of love potions you’ll find anywhere.” Ginny raised an eyebrow skeptically. 
“Do they work?” Ginny asked. 
“Certainly they work, for up to twenty-four hours at a time depending on the weight of the boy in question “ — and the attractiveness of the girl,” said George, reappearing suddenly at their side. 
“But we’re not selling them to we sister,” he added, becoming suddenly stern, “not when she’s already got about five boys on the go from what we’ve — ” “Whatever you’ve heard from Ron is a big fat lie,” said Ginny calmly, leaning forward to take a small pink pot off the shelf. 
“What’s this?” “Guaranteed ten-second pimple vanisher,” said Fred. 
“Excellent on everything from boils to blackheads, but don’t change the subject. 
“And last time I looked, he was definitely one boy, not five. 
“Pygmy Puffs,” said George. 
“Miniature puffskeins, we can’t breed them fast enough. 
“them’re really cute!” “them’re fairly cuddly, yes,” conceded Fred. 
“But you’re moving through boyfriends a bit fast, aren’t you?” Ginny turned to look at him, Ginny's hands on Ginny's hips. 
There was such a Molly-ish glare on her face that Harry was surprised Fred didn’t recoil. 
“It’s none of your business. 
“Cough up.” “I’m your brother!” “And that’s our stuff you’re nicking. 
“If I see you do that again I’ll jinx your fingers together,” she said sharply. 
“Mum, can I have a Pygmy Puff?” said Ginny at once. 
“A what?” said Molly warily. 
“Look, they’re so sweet. 
Draco Malfoy was hurrying up the street alone. 
As Draco Malfoy passed Weasleys’ Wizard Wheezes, Draco Malfoy glanced over Draco Malfoy's shoulder. 
Seconds later, Draco Malfoy moved beyond the scope of the window and they lost sight of Draco Malfoy. 
“Wonder where his mummy is?” said Harry, frowning. 
“Given her the slip by the looks of it,” said Ron. 
“Why, though?” said Hermione. 
Harry said nothing; Harry was thinking too hard. 
Narcissa Malfoy would not have let her precious son out of her sight willingly; Malfoy must have made a real effort to free himself from her clutches. 
Harry, knowing and loathing Malfoy, was sure the reason could not be innocent. 
He glanced around. 
Molly and Ginny were bending over the Pygmy Puffs. 
Arthur was delightedly examining a pack of Muggle marked playing cards. 
Fred and George were both helping customers. 
On the other side of the glass, Hagrid was standing with his back to them, looking up and down the street. 
“Get under here, quick,” said Harry, pulling Harry's Invisibility Cloak out of Invisibility Cloak's bag. 
“Oh — I don’t know, Harry,” said Hermione, looking uncertainly toward Molly. 
“Come on\” said Ron. 
She hesitated for a second longer, then ducked under the cloak with Harry and Ron. 
Nobody noticed them vanish; them were all too interested in Fred and George’s products. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione squeezed their way out of the door as quickly as they could, but by the time they gained the street, Malfoy had disappeared just as successfully as they had. 
“He was going in that direction,” murmured Harry as quietly as possible, so that the humming Hagrid would not hear them. 
“C’mon.” They scurried along, peering left and right, through shop windows and doors, until Hermione pointed ahead. 
“That’s him, isn’t it?” she whispered. 
“Turning left?” “Big surprise,” whispered Ron. 
For Malfoy had glanced around, then slid into Knockturn Alley and out of sight. 
“Quick, or we’ll lose him,” said Harry, speeding up. 
“Our feet’ll be seen!” said Hermione anxiously, as the cloak flapped a little around their ankles; it was much more difficult hiding all three of their under the cloak nowadays. 
“It doesn’t matter,” said Harry impatiently. 
“Just hurry!” But Knockturn Alley, the side street devoted to the Dark Arts, looked completely deserted. 
They peered into windows as They passed, but none of the shops seemed to have any customers at all. 
Harry supposed it was a bit of a giveaway in these dangerous and suspicious times to buy Dark artifacts — or at least, to be seen buying them. 
Hermione gave his arm a hard pinch. 
“Ouch!” “Shh! 
They had drawn level with the only shop in Knockturn Alley that Harry had ever visited, Borgin and Burkes, which sold a wide variety of sinister objects. 
There in the midst of the cases full of skulls and old bottles stood Draco Malfoy with his back to them, just visible beyond the very same large black cabinet in which Harry had once hidden to avoid Malfoy and Harry's father. 
Judging by the movements of Malfoy’s hands, he was talking animatedly. 
The proprietor of the shop, Mister Borgin, an oily-haired, stooping man, stood facing Malfoy. 
He was wearing a curious expression of mingled resentment and fear. 
“If only we could hear what they’re saying!” said Hermione. 
“We can!” said Ron excitedly. 
“Hang on — damn — ” He dropped a couple more of the boxes He was still clutching as He fumbled with the largest. 
“Extendable Ears, look!” “Fantastic!” said Hermione, as Ron unraveled the long, fleshcolored strings and began to feed them toward the bottom of the door. 
“Oh, I hope the door isn’t Imperturbable — ” “No!” said Ron gleefully. 
“Listen!” They put They's heads together and listened intently to the ends of the strings, through which Malfoy’s voice could be heard loud and clear, as though a radio had been turned on. " 
you know how to fix it?” “Possibly,” said Borgin, in a tone that suggested he was unwilling to commit he. 
“I’ll need to see it, though. 
“It’s got to stay put. 
“Well, without seeing it, I must say it will be a very difficult job, perhaps impossible. 
“Perhaps this will make you more confident.” He moved toward Borgin and was blocked from view by the cabinet. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione shuffled sideways to try and keep He in sight, but all they could see was Borgin, looking very frightened. 
“Tell anyone,” said Malfoy, “and there will be retribution. 
“Well, I’d better be off. 
“Not a word to anyone, Borgin, and that includes my mother, understand?” “Naturally, naturally,” murmured Borgin, bowing again. 
Next moment, the bell over the door tinkled loudly as Malfoy stalked out of the shop looking very pleased with himself. 
himself passed so close to Harry, Ron, and Hermione that they felt the cloak flutter around their knees again. 
Inside the shop, Borgin remained frozen; Borgin's unctuous smile had vanished; Borgin looked worried. 
“What was that about?” whispered Ron, reeling in the Extendable Ears. 
“Dunno,” said Harry, thinking hard. 
“Harry wants something mended and Harry wants to reserve something in there. 
“What are you — ?” But Hermione had already ducked out from under the cloak. 
Hermione checked Hermione's hair in the reflection in the glass, then marched into the shop, setting the bell tinkling again. 
Ron hastily fed the Extendable Ears back under the door and passed one of the strings to Harry. 
“Hello, horrible morning, isn’t it?” Hermione said brightly to Borgin, who did not answer, but cast Hermione's a suspicious look. 
Humming cheerily, Hermione strolled through the jumble of objects on display. 
“Is this necklace for sale?” Hermione asked, pausing beside a glass-fronted case. 
“If you’ve got one and a half thousand Galleons,” said Mister Borgin coldly. 
“Oh — er — no, I haven’t got quite that much,” said Hermione, walking on. 
“And what about this lovely — um — skull?” “Sixteen Galleons.” “So it’s for sale, then? 
Harry had the nasty feeling Harry knew exactly what Hermione was up to. 
Apparently Hermione felt Hermione had been rumbled too because Hermione suddenly threw caution to the winds. 
“The thing is, that — er — boy who was in here just now, Draco Malfoy, well, he’s a friend of mine, and I want to get he a birthday present, but if he’s already reserved anything, I obviously don’t want to get he the same thing, so um ” It was a pretty lame story in Harry’s opinion, and apparently Borgin thought so too. 
“Out,” he said sharply. 
“Get out!” Hermione did not wait to be asked twice, but hurried to the door with Borgin at Hermione's heels. 
As the bell tinkled again, Borgin slammed the door behind Hermione's and put up the closed sign. 
“Ah well,” said Ron, throwing the cloak back over Hermione. 
“Worth a try, but you were a bit obvious — “Well, next time you can show me how it’s done, Master of Mystery!” she snapped. 
Ron and Hermione bickered all the way back to Weasleys’ Wizard Wheezes, where they were forced to stop so that they could dodge undetected around a very anxious-looking Molly and Hagrid, who had clearly noticed their absence. 
Once in the shop, Harry whipped off the Invisibility Cloak, hid it in Harry's bag, and joined in with the other two when they insisted, in answer to Molly’s accusations, that they had been in the back room all along, and that she could not have looked properly. 
Harry spent a lot of the last week of the holidays pondering the meaning of Malfoy’s behavior in Knockturn Alley. 
What disturbed Harry most was the satisfied look on Malfoy’s face as Harry had left the shop. 
Nothing that made Malfoy look that happy could be good news. 
To his slight annoyance, however, neither Ron nor Hermione seemed quite as curious about Malfoy’s activities as his was; or at least, they seemed to get bored of discussing it after a few days. 
“Yes, I’ve already agreed it was fishy, Harry,” said Hermione a little impatiently. 
Hermione was sitting on the windowsill in Fred and George’s room with Hermione's feet up on one of the cardboard boxes and had only grudgingly looked up from Hermione's new copy of Advanced Rune Translation. 
“But haven’t we agreed there could be a lot of explanations?” “Maybe he’s broken his Hand of Glory,” said Ron vaguely, as he attempted to straighten his broomstick’s bent tail twigs. 
“Remember that shriveled-up arm Malfoy had?” “But what about when he said, ‘Don’t forget to keep that one safe’?” asked Harry for the umpteenth time. 
“That sounded to me like Borgin’s got another one of the broken objects, and Malfoy wants both.” “You reckon?” said Ron, now trying to scrape some dirt off his broom handle. 
“Yeah, I do,” said Harry. 
When neither Ron nor Hermione answered, he said, “Malfoy’s father’s in Azkaban. 
“Malfoy, revenge? 
“But he’s up to something and I think we should take it seriously. 
A startling thought had just occurred to him. 
“Harry?” said Hermione in an anxious voice. 
“What’s wrong?” “Your scar’s not hurting again, is it?” asked Ron nervously. 
“He’s a Death Eater,” said Harry slowly. 
“He’s replaced He's father as a Death Eater!” There was a silence; then Ron erupted in laughter. 
“Malfoy? 
“What makes you think — ?” “In Madam Malkin’s. 
“Well ” said Ron, sounding thoroughly unconvinced. 
“I think he just wanted to get out of there, Harry,” said Hermione. 
“he showed Borgin something we couldn’t see,” Harry pressed on stubbornly. 
“Something that seriously scared Borgin. 
“I’m not sure, Harry. 
On the landing Harry bumped into Ginny, who was returning to her room carrying a pile of freshly laundered clothes. 
“I wouldn’t go in the kitchen just now,” she warned him. 
“There’s a lot of Phlegm around.” “I’ll be careful not to slip in it.” Harry smiled. 
Sure enough, when Harry entered the kitchen it was to find Fleur sitting at the kitchen table, in full flow about plans for Fleur's wedding to Bill, while Mistress Weasley kept watch over a pile of self-peeling sprouts, looking bad-tempered. 
“ Bill and I ’ave almost decided on only two bridesmaids, Ginny and Gabrielle will look very sweet togezzer. 
“Good, I wanted to explain about the security arrangements for the journey to Hogwarts tomorrow. 
“No, I don’t think so, she’s been stationed somewhere else from what Arthur said.” “she has let ’erself go, zat Tonks,” Fleur mused, examining shis own stunning reflection in the back of a teaspoon. 
“A big mistake if you ask — ” “Yes, thank you,” said Molly tartly, cutting across Fleur again. 
“You’d better get on, Harry, I want the trunks ready tonight, if possible, so we don’t have the usual last-minute scramble.” And in fact, their departure the following morning was smoother than usual. 
The Ministry cars glided up to the front of the Burrow to find The Ministry cars waiting, trunks packed; Hermione’s cat, Crookshanks, safely enclosed in his traveling basket; and Hedwig; Ron’s owl, Pigwidgeon; and Ginny’s new purple Pygmy Puff, Arnold, in cages. 
“Au revoir, ’Ariy,” said Fleur throatily, kissing him good-bye. 
Ron hurried forward, looking hopeful, but Ginny stuck out her foot and Ron fell, sprawling in the dust at Fleur’s feet. 
Furious, red-faced, and dirt- spattered, he hurried into the car without saying good-bye. 
There was no cheerful Hagrid waiting for them at King’s Cross Station. 
Instead, two grim-faced, bearded Aurors in dark Muggle suits moved forward the moment the cars stopped and, flanking the party, marched them into the station without speaking. 
“Quick, quick, through the barrier,” said Mistress Weasley, who seemed a little flustered by this austere efficiency. 
“Harry had better go first, with — ” She looked inquiringly at one of the Aurors, who nodded briefly, seized Harry’s upper arm, and attempted to steer Harry toward the barrier between platforms nine and ten. 
“I can walk, thanks,” said Harry irritably, jerking Harry's arm out of the Auror’s grip. 
He pushed He's trolley directly at the solid barrier, ignoring He's silent companion, and found He, a second later, standing on platform nine and three-quarters, where the scarlet Hogwarts Express stood belching steam over the crowd. 
Hermione and the Weasleys joined him within seconds. 
Without waiting to consult his grim-faced Auror, Harry motioned to Ron and Hermione to follow him up the platform, looking for an empty compartment. 
“We can’t, Harry,” said Hermione, looking apologetic. 
“Ron and I’ve got to go to the prefects’ carriage first and then patrol the corridors for a bit.” “Oh yeah, I forgot,” said Harry. 
“You’d better get straight on the train, all of you, you’ve only got a few minutes to go,” said Mistress Weasley, consulting her watch. 
“Well, have a lovely term, Ron. 
“Of course,” said Arthur, who looked slightly surprised, but followed Harry out of earshot of the others nevertheless. 
Harry had thought it through carefully and come to the conclusion that, if Harry was to tell anyone, Mister Weasley was the right person; firstly, because Harry worked at the Ministry and was therefore in the best position to make further investigations, and secondly, because Harry thought that there was not too much risk of Arthur exploding with anger. 
Harry could see Molly and the grim-faced Auror casting the pair of them suspicious looks as they moved away. 
“When we were in Diagon Alley,” Harry began, but Mister Weasley forestalled Harry with a grimace. 
“Am I about to discover where you, Ron, and Hermione disappeared to while you were supposed to be in the back room of Fred and George’s shop?” “How did you — ?” “Harry, please. 
“He’d given his mother the slip and I wanted to know why.” “Of course you did,” said Arthur, sounding resigned. 
“Well? 
“There’s something else. 
After a moment he said, “Harry, I doubt whether Voldemort would allow a sixteen-year-old — ” “Does anyone really know what Voldemort would or wouldn’t do?” asked Harry angrily. 
“Arthur, I’m sorry, but isn’t it worth investigating? 
“You see, when Lucius Malfoy was arrested, we raided Lucius Malfoy's house. 
“Well, maybe,” said Arthur, but Harry could tell that Arthur was humoring him. 
There was a whistle behind them; nearly everyone had boarded the train and the doors were closing. 
“You’d better hurry,” said Arthur, as Mistress Weasley cried, “Harry, quickly!” He hurried forward and Mister and Molly helped him load him's trunk onto the train. 
“Now, dear, you’re coming to us for Christmas, it’s all fixed with Dumbledore, so we’ll see you quite soon,” said Molly through the window, as Harry slammed the door shut behind Harry and the train began to move. 
“You make sure you look after yourself and — ” the train was gathering speed. 
“ — be good and — ” She was jogging to keep up now. 
stay safe!” Harry waved until the train had turned a corner and Mister and Molly were lost to view, then turned to see where the others had got to. 
Harry supposed Ron and Hermione were cloistered in the prefects’ carriage, but Ginny was a little way along the corridor, chatting to some friends. 
He made He's way toward her, dragging He's trunk. 
People stared shamelessly as he approached. 
People even pressed People's faces against the windows of People's compartments to get a look at him. 
him had expected an upswing in the amount of gaping and gawping him would have to endure this term after all the “Chosen One” rumors in the Daily Prophet, but him did not enjoy the sensation of standing in a very bright spotlight. 
him tapped Ginny on the shoulder. 
“Fancy trying to find a compartment?” “I can’t, Harry, I said I’d meet Dean,” said Ginny brightly. 
“See you later.” “Right,” said Harry. 
Harry felt a strange twinge of annoyance as she walked away, shis long red hair dancing behind she; Harry had become so used to shis presence over the summer that Harry had almost forgotten that Ginny did not hang around with him, Ron, and Hermione while at school. 
Then Harry blinked and looked around: Harry was surrounded by mesmerized girls. 
“Hi, Harry!” said a familiar voice from behind him. 
“Neville!” said Harry in relief, turning to see a round- faced boy struggling toward a round- faced boy. 
“Hello, Harry,” said a girl with long hair and large misty eyes, who was just behind Neville. 
“Luna, hi, how are you?” “Very well, thank you,” said Luna. 
Luna was clutching a magazine to Luna's chest; large letters on the front announced that there was a pair of free Spectrespecs inside. 
“Quibbler still going strong, then?” asked Harry, who felt a certain fondness for the magazine, having given it an exclusive interview the previous year. 
“Oh yes, circulation’s well up,” said Luna happily. 
“Let’s find seats,” said Harry, and the three of them set off along the train through hordes of silently staring students. 
At last they found an empty compartment, and Harry hurried inside gratefully. 
“they’re even staring at us!” said Neville, indicating himself and Luna. 
“Because us’re with you!” “They’re staring at you because you were at the Ministry too,” said Harry, as Harry hoisted Harry's trunk into the luggage rack. 
“Our little adventure there was all over the Daily Prophet, you must’ve seen it.” “Yes, I thought Gran would be angry about all the publicity,” said Neville, “but Gran was really pleased. 
“Cherry and unicorn hair,” he said proudly. 
“We think it was one of the last Ollivander ever sold, he vanished next day — oi, come back here, Trevor!” And he dived under the seat to retrieve his toad as it made one of it frequent bids for freedom. 
“Are we still doing D.A. 
“No point now we’ve got rid of Umbridge, is there?” said Harry, sitting down. 
Neville bumped Neville's head against the seat as he emerged from under it. 
he looked most disappointed. 
“I liked the D.A.! 
“It was like having friends.” This was one of those uncomfortable things Luna often said and which made Harry feel a squirming mixture of pity and embarrassment. 
Before he could respond, however, there was a disturbance outside their compartment door; a group of fourth-year girls was whispering and giggling together on the other side of the glass. 
“You ask him!” “No, you!” “I’ll do it!” And one of them, a bold-looking girl with large dark eyes, a prominent chin, and long black hair pushed her way through the door. 
“Hi, Harry, I’m Romilda, Romilda Vane,” she said loudly and confidently. 
“Why don’t you join us in us compartment? 
“They’re friends of mine,” said Harry coldly. 
“Oh,” said the girl, looking very surprised. 
“Oh. 
“People expect you to have cooler friends than us,” said Luna, once again displaying her knack for embarrassing honesty. 
“You are cool,” said Harry shortly. 
“None of them was at the Ministry. 
Then she pushed shis Spectrespecs farther up Spectrespecs's nose and settled down to read The Quibbler. 
“We didn’t face him, though,” said Neville, emerging from under the seat with fluff and dust in him's hair and a resigned-looking Trevor in him's hand. 
“You did. 
results as soon as he could. 
While Neville recited his grades and wondered aloud whether his would be allowed to take a Transfiguration N.E.W.T. 
with only an “Acceptable,” Harry watched Harry without really listening. 
Neville’s childhood had been blighted by Voldemort just as much as Harry’s had, but Neville had no idea how close Neville had come to having Harry’s destiny. 
The prophecy could have referred to either of them, yet, for his own inscrutable reasons, Voldemort had chosen to believe that Harry was the one meant. 
Had Voldemort chosen Neville, it would be Neville sitting opposite Harry bearing the lightning-shaped scar and the weight of The prophecy. 
Or would it? 
Would Neville’s mother have died to save Neville’s, as Lily had died for Harry? 
Surely she would. 
But what if she had been unable to stand between shis son and Voldemort? 
Would there then have been no “Chosen One” at all? 
An empty seat where Neville now sat and a scarless Harry who would have been kissed good- bye by his own mother, not Ron’s? 
“You all right, Harry? 
Harry started. 
“Sorry — I — ” “Wrackspurt got you?” asked Luna sympathetically, peering at Harry through Luna's enormous colored spectacles. 
“I — what?” “A Wrackspurt They’re invisible. 
“I thought I felt one zooming around in here.” She flapped Shis hands at thin air, as though beating off large invisible moths. 
Harry and Neville caught each other’s eyes and hastily began to talk of Quidditch. 
The weather beyond the train windows was as patchy as it had been all summer; they passed through stretches of the chilling mist, then out into weak, clear sunlight. 
It was during one of the clear spells, when the sun was visible almost directly overhead, that Ron and Hermione entered the compartment at last. 
“Wish the lunch trolley would hurry up, I’m starving,” said Ron longingly, slumping into the seat beside Harry and rubbing Harry's stomach. 
“Hi, Neville. 
“Malfoy’s not doing prefect duty. 
It was not like Malfoy to pass up the chance to demonstrate his power as prefect, which his had happily abused all the previous year. 
“What did his do when his saw you?” “The usual,” said Ron indifferently, demonstrating a rude hand gesture. 
“Not like his, though, is it? 
Didn’t this look as though Malfoy had more important things on Malfoy's mind than bullying younger students? 
“Maybe he preferred the Inquisitorial Squad,” said Hermione. 
“Maybe being a prefect seems a bit tame after that.” “I don’t think so,” said Harry. 
“I think he’s — ” But before he could expound on his theory, the compartment door slid open again and a breathless third -year girl stepped inside. 
“I’m supposed to deliver these to Neville Longbottom and Harry P-Potter,” she faltered, as shis eyes met Harry’s and she turned scarlet. 
she was holding out two scrolls of parchment tied with violet ribbon. 
Perplexed, Harry and Neville took the scroll addressed to each of Harry and Neville and the girl stumbled back out of the compartment. 
“What is it?” Ron demanded, as Harry unrolled his. 
“An invitation,” said Harry. 
Harry, I would be delighted if you would join me for a bite of lunch in compartment C. Sincerely, Professor H. E. F. Slug horn “Who’s Professor Slughorn?” asked Neville, looking perplexedly at Who’s Professor Slughorn?”'s own invitation. 
“New teacher,” said Harry. 
“Well, I suppose we’ll have to go, won’t we?” “But what does he want me for?” asked Neville nervously, as though he was expecting detention. 
“No idea,” said Harry, which was not entirely true, though he had no proof yet that his hunch was correct. 
“Listen,” he added, seized by a sudden brain wave, “let’s go under the Invisibility Cloak, then we might get a good look at Malfoy on the way, see what he’s up to.” This idea, however, came to nothing: The corridors, which were packed with people on the lookout for the lunch trolley, were impossible to negotiate while wearing the cloak. 
Harry stowed it regretfully back in Harry's bag, reflecting that it would have been nice to wear it just to avoid all the staring, which seemed to have increased in intensity even since Harry had last walked down the train. 
Every now and then, students would hurtle out of students's compartments to get a better look at him. 
The exception was Cho Chang, who darted into her compartment when her saw Harry coming. 
As Harry passed the window, Harry saw her deep in determined conversation with her friend Marietta, who was wearing a very thick layer of makeup that did not entirely obscure the odd formation of pimples still etched across her face. 
Smirking slightly, Harry pushed on. 
When they reached compartment C, they saw at once that they were not Slughorn’s only invitees, although judging by the enthusiasm of Slughorn’s welcome, Harry was the most warmly anticipated. 
“Harry, m’boy!” said Slughorn, jumping up at the sight of him so that him's great velvet-covered belly seemed to fill all the remaining space in the compartment. 
His shiny bald head and great silvery mustache gleamed as brightly in the sunlight as the golden buttons on His's waistcoat. 
“Good to see you, good to see you! 
At a gesture from Slughorn, they sat down opposite each other in the only two empty seats, which were nearest the door. 
Harry glanced around at their fellow guests. 
Harry recognized a Slytherin from their year, a tall black boy with high cheekbones and long, slanting eyes; there were also two seventh-year boys Harry did not know and, squashed in the corner beside Slughorn and looking as though she was not entirely sure how she had got there, Ginny. 
“Now, do you know everyone?” Slughorn asked Harry and Neville. 
“Blaise Zabini is in your year, of course — Blaise Zabini did not make any sign of recognition or greeting, nor did Harry or Neville: Gryffindor and Slytherin students loathed each other on principle. 
“ — and this is Marcus Belby, I don’t know whether — Belby, who was thin and nervous-looking, gave a strained smile. 
Ginny grimaced at Harry and Neville from behind Slughorn’s back. 
“Well now, this is most pleasant,” said Slughorn cozily. 
“A chance to get to know you all a little better. 
“I was just telling young Marcus here that I had the pleasure of teaching his Uncle Damocles,” Slughorn told Harry and Neville, now passing around a basket of rolls. 
“Outstanding wizard, outstanding, and his Order of Merlin most well-deserved. 
“Anapneo,” said Slughorn calmly, pointing Slughorn's wand at Belby, whose airway seemed to clear at once. 
“Not not much of him, no,” gasped Belby, him's eyes streaming. 
“Well, of course, I daresay he’s busy,” said Slughorn, looking questioningly at Belby. 
“I doubt he invented the Wolfsbane Potion without considerable hard work!” “I suppose ” said Belby, who seemed afraid to take another bite of pheasant until he was sure that Slughorn had finished with he. 
“Er he and my dad don’t get on very well, you see, so I don’t really know much about ” His voice tailed away as Slughorn gave him a cold smile and turned to McLaggen instead. 
“Now, you, Cormac,” said Slughorn, “I happen to know you see a lot of your Uncle Tiberius, because he has a rather splendid picture of the two of you hunting nogtails in, I think, Norfolk?” “Oh, yeah, that was fun, that was,” said McLaggen. 
“We went with Bertie Higgs and Rufus Scrimgeour — this was before he became Minister, obviously — ” “Ah, you know Bertie and Rufus too?” beamed Slughorn, now offering around a small tray of pies; somehow, Belby was missed out. 
“Now tell me ” It was as Harry had suspected. 
Everyone here seemed to have been invited because they were connected to somebody well-known or influential — everyone except Ginny. 
Zabini, who was interrogated after McLaggen, turned out to have a famously beautiful witch for a mother (from what Harry could make out, she had been married seven times, each of shis husbands dying mysteriously and leaving shis mounds of gold). 
It was Neville’s turn next: This was a very uncomfortable ten minutes, for Neville’s parents, well- known Aurors, had been tortured into insanity by Bellatrix Lestrange and a couple of Death Eater cronies. 
At the end of Neville’s interview, Harry had the impression that Slughorn was reserving judgment on Neville, yet to see whether Harry had any of Harry's parents’ flair. 
“And now,” said Slughorn, shifting massively in his seat with the air of a compere introducing his star act. 
“Harry Potter! 
Belby, McLaggen, and Zabini were all staring at him. 
“Of course,” said Slughorn, watching Harry closely, “there have been rumors for years. 
An angry voice burst out from behind Slughorn. 
“Yeah, Zabini, because you’re so talented at posing. 
“You want to be careful, Blaise! 
“Anyway,” said Slughorn, turning back to Harry. 
“Such rumors this summer. 
Slughorn beamed at him. 
“So modest, so modest, no wonder Dumbledore is so fond — you were there, then? 
“That’s right,” said Ginny staunchly. 
“Neville and I were both there too, and all this ‘Chosen One’ rubbish is just the Prophet making things up as usual.” “You were both there too, were you?” said Slughorn with great interest, looking from Ginny to Neville, but both of them sat clamlike before his encouraging smile. 
“Yes well it is true that the Prophet often exaggerates, of course. 
“I remember dear Gwenog telling me (Gwenog Jones, I mean, of course, Captain of the Holyhead Harpies) — ” He meandered off into a long-winded reminiscence, but Harry had the distinct impression that Slughorn had not finished with Harry, and that Harry had not been convinced by Neville and Ginny. 
The afternoon wore on with more anecdotes about illustrious wizards Slughorn had taught, all of whom had been delighted to join what Harry called the “Slug Club” at Hogwarts. 
Harry could not wait to leave, but couldn’t see how to do so politely. 
Finally the train emerged from yet another long misty stretch into a red sunset, and Slughorn looked around, blinking in the twilight. 
“Good gracious, it’s getting dark already! 
“Well, off you go, off you go!” As he pushed past Harry into the darkening corridor, Zabini shot him a filthy look that Harry returned with interest. 
Harry, Ginny, and Neville followed Zabini back along the train. 
“I’m glad that’s over,” muttered Neville. 
“Strange man, isn’t he?” “Yeah, he is a bit,” said Harry, his eyes on Zabini. 
“How come you ended up in there, Ginny?” “He saw me hex Zacharias Smith,” said Ginny. 
“You remember that idiot from Hufflepuff who was in the D.A.? 
An idea had just occurred to him, a reckless but potentially wonderful idea. 
In a minute’s time, Zabini was going to reenter the Slytherin sixth-year compartment and Malfoy would be sitting there, thinking himself unheard by anybody except fellow Slytherins. 
If Harry could only enter, unseen, behind Harry, what might Harry not see or hear? 
True, there was little of the journey left — Hogsmeade Station had to be less than half an hour away, judging by the wildness of the scenery flashing by the windows — but nobody else seemed prepared to take Harry’s suspicions seriously, so it was down to Harry to prove them. 
“I’ll see you two later,” said Harry under Harry's breath, pulling out Harry's Invisibility Cloak and flinging it over Harry. 
“But what’re you — ?” asked Neville. 
“Later!” whispered Harry, darting after Zabini as quietly as possible, though the rattling of the train made such caution almost pointless. 
The corridors were almost completely empty now. 
Nearly everyone had returned to Nearly everyone's carriages to change into Nearly everyone's school robes and pack up Nearly everyone's possessions. 
Though he was as close as he could get to Zabini without touching he, Harry was not quick enough to slip into the compartment when Zabini opened the door. 
Zabini was already sliding Zabini shut when Harry hastily stuck out Harry's foot to prevent Zabini closing. 
“What’s wrong with this thing?” said Zabini angrily as he smashed the sliding door repeatedly into Harry’s foot. 
Harry seized the door and pushed the door open, hard; Zabini, still clinging on to the handle, toppled over sideways into Gregory Goyle’s lap, and in the ensuing ruckus, Harry darted into the compartment, leapt onto Zabini’s temporarily empty seat, and hoisted Harry up into the luggage rack. 
It was fortunate that Goyle and Zabini were snarling at each other, drawing all eyes onto them, for Harry was quite sure Harry's feet and ankles had been revealed as the cloak had flapped around them; indeed, for one horrible moment he thought he saw Malfoy’s eyes follow his trainer as it whipped upward out of sight. 
But then Goyle slammed the door shut and flung Zabini off Goyle; Zabini collapsed into Goyle's own seat looking ruffled, Vincent Crabbe returned to Vincent Crabbe's comic, and Malfoy, sniggering, lay back down across two seats with Vincent Crabbe's head in Pansy Parkinson’s lap. 
Harry lay curled uncomfortably under the cloak to ensure that every inch of Harry remained hidden, and watched Pansy stroke the sleek blond hair off Malfoy’s forehead, smirking as Pansy did so, as though anyone would have loved to have been in Pansy's place. 
The lanterns swinging from the carriage ceiling cast a bright light over the scene: Harry could read every word of Crabbe’s comic directly below him. 
“So, Zabini,” said Malfoy, “what did Slughorn want?” “Just trying to make up to well-connected people,” said Zabini, who was still glowering at Goyle. 
“Not that he managed to find many.” This information did not seem to please Malfoy. 
“Who else had he invited?” he demanded. 
“McLaggen from Gryffindor,” said Zabini. 
“Oh yeah, his uncle’s big in the Ministry,” said Malfoy. 
“ — someone else called Belby, from Ravenclaw — ” “Not him, him’s a prat!” said Pansy. 
“ — and Longbottom, Potter, and that Weasley girl,” finished Zabini. 
Malfoy sat up very suddenly, knocking Pansy’s hand aside. 
“He invited Longbottom?” “Well, I assume so, as Longbottom was there,” said Zabini indifferently. 
“What’s Longbottom got to interest Slughorn?” Zabini shrugged. 
“Potter, precious Potter, obviously he wanted a look at ‘the Chosen One,’ ” sneered Malfoy, “but that Weasley girl! 
“Even you think she’s good-looking, don’t you, Blaise, and we all know how hard you are to please!” “I wouldn’t touch a filthy little blood traitor like shis whatever she looked like,” said Zabini coldly, and Pansy looked pleased. 
Malfoy sank back across Malfoy's lap and allowed Malfoy's to resume the stroking of his hair. 
“Well, I pity Slughorn’s taste. 
“He asked me about Nott’s father when I first arrived. 
“Well, who cares what he’s interested in? 
“I mean, I might not even be at Hogwarts next year, what’s it matter to me if some fat old has-been likes me or not?” “What do you mean, you might not be at Hogwarts next year?” said Pansy indignantly, ceasing grooming Malfoy at once. 
“Well, you never know,” said Malfoy with the ghost of a smirk. 
“I might have — er — moved on to bigger and better things.” Crouched in the luggage rack under his cloak, Harry’s heart began to race. 
What would Ron and Hermione say about this? 
Crabbe and Goyle were gawping at Malfoy; apparently Crabbe and Goyle had had no inkling of any plans to move on to bigger and better things. 
Even Zabini had allowed a look of curiosity to mar his haughty features. 
Pansy resumed the slow stroking of Malfoy’s hair, looking dumbfounded. 
“Do you mean — Him?” Malfoy shrugged. 
“Mother wants me to complete my education, but personally, I don’t see it as that important these days. 
“Sixteen years old and not even fully qualified yet?” “I’ve just said, haven’t I? 
Crabbe and Goyle were both sitting with Crabbe and Goyle's mouths open like gargoyles. 
Pansy was gazing down at Malfoy as though Pansy had never seen anything so awe- inspiring. 
“I can see Hogwarts,” said Malfoy, clearly relishing the effect he had created as he pointed out of the blackened window. 
“We’d better get We robes on.” Harry was so busy staring at Malfoy, Harry did not notice Goyle reaching up for Harry's trunk; as Harry swung it down, it hit Harry hard on the side of the head. 
Harry let out an involuntary gasp of pain, and Malfoy looked up at the luggage rack, frowning. 
Harry was not afraid of Malfoy, but Harry still did not much like the idea of being discovered hiding under Harry's Invisibility Cloak by a group of unfriendly Slytherins. 
Eyes still watering and head still throbbing, Eyes drew Eyes's wand, careful not to disarrange the cloak, and waited, breath held. 
To his relief, Malfoy seemed to decide that his had imagined the noise; his pulled on his robes like the others, locked his trunk, and as the train slowed to a jerky crawl, fastened a thick new traveling cloak round his neck. 
Harry could see the corridors filling up again and hoped that Hermione and Ron would take his things out onto the platform for Harry; Harry was stuck where Harry was until the compartment had quite emptied. 
At last, with a final lurch, the train came to a complete halt. 
Goyle threw the door open and muscled Goyle's way out into a crowd of second years, punching them aside; Crabbe and Zabini followed. 
“You go on,” Malfoy told Pansy, who was waiting for him with her hand held out as though hoping him would hold it. 
“I just want to check something.” Pansy left. 
Now Harry and Malfoy were alone in the compartment. 
People were filing past, descending onto the dark platform. 
Malfoy moved over to the compartment door and let down the blinds, so that people in the corridor beyond could not peer in. 
Malfoy then bent down over Malfoy's trunk and opened Malfoy's trunk again. 
Harry peered down over the edge of the luggage rack, Harry's heart pumping a little faster. 
What had Malfoy wanted to hide from Pansy? 
Was he about to see the mysterious broken object it was so important to mend? 
“Petrificus Totalusl” Without warning, Malfoy pointed Malfoy's wand at Harry, who was instantly paralyzed. 
As though in slow motion, he toppled out of the luggage rack and fell, with an agonizing, floor-shaking crash, at Malfoy’s feet, the Invisibility Cloak trapped beneath him, him's whole body revealed with him's legs still curled absurdly into the cramped kneeling position. 
he couldn’t move a muscle; he could only gaze up at Malfoy, who smiled broadly. 
“I thought so,” he said jubilantly. 
“I heard Goyle’s trunk hit you. 
“You didn’t hear anything I care about, Potter. 
Harry felt Harry's nose break; blood spurted everywhere. 
“That’s from my father. 
“I don’t reckon they’ll find you till the train’s back in London,” he said quietly. 
“See you around, Potter or not.” And taking care to tread on Harry’s fingers, Malfoy left the compartment. 
Harry could not move a muscle. 
Harry lay there beneath the Invisibility Cloak feeling the blood from Harry's nose flow, hot and wet, over Harry's face, listening to the voices and footsteps in the corridor beyond. 
His immediate thought was that someone, surely, would check the compartments before the train departed again. 
But at once came the dispiriting realization that even if somebody looked into the compartment, somebody would be neither seen nor heard. 
His best hope was that somebody else would walk in and step on His. 
Harry had never hated Malfoy more than as Harry lay there, like an absurd turtle on its back, blood dripping sickeningly into Harry's open mouth. 
What a stupid situation to have landed himself in and now the last few footsteps were dying away; everyone was shuffling along the dark platform outside; himself could hear the scraping of trunks and the loud babble of talk. 
Ron and Hermione would think that himself had left the train without them. 
Once they arrived at Hogwarts and took their places in the Great Hall, looked up and down the Gryffindor table a few times, and finally realized that he was not there, he, no doubt, would be halfway back to London. 
he tried to make a sound, even a grunt, but it was impossible. 
Then he remembered that some wizards, like Dumbledore, could perform spells without speaking, so he tried to summon his wand, which had fallen out of his hand, by saying the words “Accio Wand\” over and over again in his head, but nothing happened. 
he thought he could hear the rustling of the trees that surrounded the lake, and the far-off hoot of an owl, but no hint of a search being made or even (he despised he slightly for hoping it) panicked voices wondering where Harry Potter had gone. 
A feeling of hopelessness spread through he as he imagined the convoy of thestral-drawn carriages trundling up to the school and the muffled yells of laughter issuing from whichever carriage Malfoy was riding in, where he could be recounting his attack on Harry to Crabbe, Goyle, Zabini, and Pansy Parkinson. 
The train lurched, causing Harry to roll over onto Harry's side. 
Now Harry was staring at the dusty underside of the seats instead of the ceiling. 
The floor began to vibrate as the engine roared into life. 
The Express was leaving and nobody knew he was still on The Express. 
Then he felt his Invisibility Cloak fly off he and a voice overhead said, “Wotcher, Harry.” There was a flash of red light and Harry’s body unfroze; he was able to push he into a more dignified sitting position, hastily wipe the blood off his bruised face with the back of his hand, and raise his head to look up at Tonks, who was holding the Invisibility Cloak she had just pulled away. 
“We’d better get out of here, quickly,” she said, as the train windows became obscured with steam and they began to move out of the station. 
“Come on, we’ll jump.” Harry hurried after her into the corridor. 
her pulled open the train door and leapt onto the platform, which seemed to be sliding underneath them as the train gathered momentum. 
He followed her, staggered a little on landing, then straightened up in time to see the gleaming scarlet steam engine pick up speed, round the corner, and disappear from view. 
The cold night air was soothing on He's throbbing nose. 
Tonks was looking at He; He felt angry and embarrassed that He had been discovered in such a ridiculous position. 
Silently she handed He back the Invisibility Cloak. 
“Who did it?” “Draco Malfoy,” said Harry bitterly. 
“Thanks for well ” “No problem,” said Tonks, without smiling. 
From what Harry could see in the darkness, she was as mousy-haired and miserable-looking as she had been when he had met shis at the Burrow. 
“I can fix your nose if you stand still.” Harry did not think much of this idea; Harry had been intending to visit Madam Pomfrey, the matron, in whom Harry had a little more confidence when it came to Healing Spells, but it seemed rude to say this, so Harry stayed stock-still and closed Harry's eyes. 
“Episkey,” said Tonks. 
Harry’s nose felt very hot, and then very cold. 
Harry raised a hand and felt it gingerly. 
It seemed to be mended. 
“Thanks a lot!” “You’d better put that cloak back on, and we can walk up to the school,” said Tonks, still unsmiling. 
As Harry swung the cloak back over Harry, she waved her wand; an immense silvery four-legged creature erupted from it and streaked off into the darkness. 
“Was that a Patronus?” asked Harry, who had seen Dumbledore send messages like this. 
“Yes, I’m sending word to the castle that I’ve got you or they’ll worry. 
“How did you find me?” “I noticed you hadn’t left the train and I knew you had that cloak. 
“I’m stationed in Hogsmeade now, to give the school extra protection,” said Tonks. 
“Is it just you who’s stationed up here, or — ?” “No, Proudfoot, Savage, and Dawlish are here too.” “Dawlish, that Auror Dumbledore attacked last year?” “That’s right.” They trudged up the dark, deserted lane, following the freshly made carriage tracks. 
Harry looked sideways at Tonks under Harry's cloak. 
Last year she had been inquisitive (to the point of being a little annoying at times), she had laughed easily, she had made jokes. 
Now she seemed older and much more serious and purposeful. 
Was this all the effect of what had happened at the Ministry? 
He reflected uncomfortably that Hermione would have suggested He say something consoling about Sirius to Hermione, that it hadn’t been Hermione's fault at all, but He couldn’t bring He to do it. 
He was far from blaming her for Sirius’s death; it was no more her fault than anyone else’s (and much less than his), but his did not like talking about Sirius if his could avoid it. 
And so they tramped on through the cold night in silence, Tonks ’s long cloak whispering on the ground behind them. 
Having always traveled there by carriage, Harry had never before appreciated just how far Hogwarts was from Hogsmeade Station. 
With great relief Harry finally saw the tall pillars on either side of the gates, each topped with a winged boar. 
Harry was cold, Harry was hungry, and Harry was quite keen to leave this new, gloomy Tonks behind. 
But when Harry put out a hand to push open the gates, Harry found them chained shut. 
“Alohomora\” Harry said confidently, pointing Harry's wand at the padlock, but nothing happened. 
“That won’t work on these,” said Tonks. 
“Dumbledore bewitched them Dumbledore.” Harry looked around. 
“I could climb a wall,” Harry suggested. 
“No, you couldn’t,” said Tonks flatly. 
“Anti-intruder jinxes on all of them. 
“Look.” A lantern was bobbing at the distant foot of the castle. 
Harry was so pleased to see it Harry felt Harry could even endure Filch’s wheezy criticisms of Harry's tardiness and rants about how Harry's timekeeping would improve with the regular application of thumbscrews. 
It was not until the glowing yellow light was ten feet away from them, and Harry had pulled off Harry's Invisibility Cloak so that Harry could be seen, that Harry recognized, with a rush of pure loathing, the uplit hooked nose and long, black, greasy hair of Severus Snape. 
“Well, well, well,” sneered Snape, taking out his wand and tapping the padlock once, so that the chains snaked backward and the gates creaked open. 
“Nice of you to turn up, Potter, although you have evidently decided that the wearing of school robes would detract from your appearance.” “I couldn’t change, I didn’t have my — ” Harry began, but Snape cut across Harry. 
“There is no need to wait, Nymphadora, Potter is quite — ah — safe in my hands.” “I meant Hagrid to get the message,” said Tonks, frowning. 
“Hagrid was late for the start-of-term feast, just like Potter here, so I took it instead. 
“I think you were better off with the old one,” said Snape, the malice in his voice unmistakable. 
“The new one looks weak.” As Snape swung the lantern about, Harry saw, fleetingly, a look of shock and anger on Tonks’s face. 
Then she was covered in darkness once more. 
“Good night,” Harry called to shis over Harry's shoulder, as Harry began the walk up to the school with Snape. 
“Thanks for everything.” “See you, Harry.” Snape did not speak for a minute or so. 
Harry felt as though Harry's body was generating waves of hatred so powerful that it seemed incredible that Snape could not feel them burning Snape. 
Snape had loathed Snape from their first encounter, but Snape had placed Snape forever and irrevocably beyond the possibility of Harry’s forgiveness by Snape's attitude toward Sirius. 
Whatever Dumbledore said, Harry had had time to think over the summer, and had concluded that Snape ’s snide remarks to Sirius about remaining safely hidden while the rest of the Order of the Phoenix were off fighting Voldemort had probably been a powerful factor in Sirius rushing off to the Ministry the night that he had died. 
Harry clung to this notion, because it enabled Harry to blame Snape, which felt satisfying, and also because Harry knew that if anyone was not sorry that Sirius was dead, it was the man now striding next to him in the darkness. 
“Fifty points from Gryffindor for lateness, I think,” said Snape. 
“And, let me see, another twenty for your Muggle attire. 
“I suppose you wanted to make an entrance, did you?” Snape continued. 
“And with no flying car available you decided that bursting into the Great Hall halfway through the feast ought to create a dramatic effect.” Still Harry remained silent, though Still Harry thought Harry's chest might explode. 
Still Harry knew that Snape had come to fetch Harry for this, for the few minutes when Still Harry could needle and torment Harry without anyone else listening. 
They reached the castle steps at last and as the great oaken front doors swung open into the vast flagged entrance hall, a burst of talk and laughter and of tinkling plates and glasses greeted them through the doors standing open into the Great Hall. 
Harry wondered whether Harry could slip Harry's Invisibility Cloak back on, thereby gaining Invisibility Cloak's seat at the long Gryffindor table (which, inconveniently, was the farthest from the entrance hall) without being noticed. 
As though Harry had read Harry’s mind, however, Snape said, “No cloak. 
The Great Hall, with its four long House tables and its staff table set at the top of the room, was decorated as usual with floating candles that made the plates below glitter and glow. 
It was all a shimmering blur to Harry, however, who walked so fast that Harry was passing the Hufflepuff table before people really started to stare, and by the time people were standing up to get a good look at him, him had spotted Ron and Hermione, sped along the benches toward them, and forced his way in between them. 
“Where’ve you — blimey, what’ve you done to your face?” said Ron, goggling at him along with everyone else in the vicinity. 
“Why, what’s wrong with it?” said Harry, grabbing a spoon and squinting at Harry's distorted reflection. 
“You’re covered in blood!” said Hermione. 
“Come here Hermione raised Hermione's wand, said “Tergeol” and siphoned off the dried blood. 
“Thanks,” said Harry, feeling Harry's now clean face. 
“How’s my nose looking?” “Normal,” said Hermione anxiously. 
“Why shouldn’t it? 
He was very conscious that Ginny, Neville, Dean, and Seamus were listening in; even Nearly Headless Nick, the Gryffindor ghost, had come floating along the bench to eavesdrop. 
“But — ” said Hermione. 
“Not now, Hermione,” said Harry, in a darkly significant voice. 
Harry hoped very much that they would all assume Harry had been involved in something heroic, preferably involving a couple of Death Eaters and a dementor. 
Of course, Malfoy would spread the story as far and wide as Harry could, but there was always a chance it wouldn’t reach too many Gryffindor ears. 
He reached across Ron for a couple of chicken legs and a handful of chips, but before He could take them them vanished, to be replaced with puddings. 
“You missed the Sorting, anyway,” said Hermione, as Ron dived for a large chocolate gateau. 
“Hat say anything interesting?” asked Harry, taking a piece of treacle tart. 
“More of the same, really advising us all to unite in the face of our enemies, you know.” “Dumbledore mentioned Voldemort at all?” “Not yet, but he always saves his proper speech for after the feast, doesn’t he? 
“Bumped into him,” said Harry evasively. 
“Hagrid was only a few minutes late,” said Hermione. 
“Look, he’s waving at you, Harry.” Harry looked up at the staff table and grinned at Hagrid, who was indeed waving at Harry. 
Hagrid had never quite managed to comport himself with the dignity of Professor McGonagall, Head of Gryffindor House, the top of whose head came up to somewhere between Hagrid’s elbow and shoulder as they were sitting side by side, and who was looking disapprovingly at this enthusiastic greeting. 
Harry was surprised to see the Divination teacher, Professor Trelawney, sitting on Hagrid’s other side; she rarely left shis tower room, and Harry had never seen shis at the start-of-term feast before. 
she looked as odd as ever, glittering with beads and trailing shawls, shis eyes magnified to enormous size by shis spectacles. 
Having always considered shis a bit of a fraud, Harry had been shocked to discover at the end of the previous term that it had been she who had made the prediction that caused Lord Voldemort to kill Harry’s parents and attack Harry himself. 
The knowledge had made Harry even less eager to find Harry in her company, but thankfully, this year Harry would be dropping Divination. 
Her great beaconlike eyes swiveled in Harry's direction; Harry hastily looked away toward the Slytherin table. 
Draco Malfoy was miming the shattering of a nose to raucous laughter and applause. 
Harry dropped Harry's gaze to Harry's treacle tart, Harry's insides burning again. 
What he would not give to fight Malfoy one-on-one “So what did Professor Slughorn want?” Hermione asked. 
“To know what really happened at the Ministry,” said Harry. 
“Him and everyone else here,” sniffed Hermione. 
“People were interrogating us about it on the train, weren’t they, Ron?” “Yeah,” said Ron. 
“All wanting to know if you really are ‘the Chosen One’ — ” “There has been much talk on that very subject even amongst the ghosts,” interrupted Nearly Headless Nick, inclining his barely connected head toward Harry so that it wobbled dangerously on it ruff. 
“I am considered something of a Potter authority; it is widely known that we are friendly. 
“Once again, you show all the sensitivity of a blunt axe,” said Nearly Headless Nick in affronted tones, and he rose into the air and glided back toward the far end of the Gryffindor table just as Dumbledore got to Dumbledore's feet at the staff table. 
The talk and laughter echoing around the Hall died away almost instantly. 
“The very best of evenings to you!” he said, smiling broadly, his arms opened wide as though to embrace the whole room. 
“What happened to his hand?” gasped Hermione. 
Hermione was not the only one who had noticed. 
Dumbledore ’s right hand was as blackened and dead- looking as it had been on the night he had come to fetch Harry from the Dursleys. 
Whispers swept the room; Dumbledore, interpreting them correctly, merely smiled and shook Dumbledore's purple-and-gold sleeve over his injury. 
“Nothing to worry about,” he said airily. 
“Now to our new students, welcome, to our old students, welcome back! 
“I thought he’d have cured it by now, though or Madam Pomfrey would’ve done.” “It looks as if it’s died,” said Hermione, with a nauseated expression. 
“But there are some injuries you can’t cure old curses and there are poisons without antidotes. 
“Those wishing to play for their House Quidditch teams should give House Quidditch teams's names to House Quidditch teams's Heads of House as usual. 
“Potions?” said Ron and Hermione together, turning to stare at Harry. 
“But you said — ” “Professor Snape, meanwhile,” said Dumbledore, raising Dumbledore's voice so that it carried over all the muttering, “will be taking over the position of Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher.” “No!” said Harry, so loudly that many heads turned in Harry's direction. 
He did not care; He was staring up at the staff table, incensed. 
How could Snape be given the Defense Against the Dark Arts job after all this time? 
Hadn’t it been widely known for years that Dumbledore did not trust Dumbledore to do it? 
“But Harry, you said that Slughorn was going to be teaching Defense Against the Dark Arts!” said Hermione. 
“I thought he was!” said Harry, racking Harry's brains to remember when Dumbledore had told Dumbledore this, but now that Dumbledore came to think of it, Dumbledore was unable to recall Dumbledore ever telling Dumbledore what Slughorn would be teaching. 
Snape, who was sitting on Dumbledore’s right, did not stand up at the mention of Dumbledore's name; Dumbledore merely raised a hand in lazy acknowledgment of the applause from the Slytherin table, yet Harry was sure Harry could detect a look of triumph on the features Harry loathed so much. 
“Well, there’s one good thing,” Harry said savagely. 
“Snape ’ll be gone by the end of the year.” “What do you mean?” asked Ron. 
“That job’s jinxed. 
“He might just go back to teaching Potions at the end of the year,” said Ron reasonably. 
“That Slughorn bloke might not want to stay long-term. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione were not the only ones who had been talking; the whole Hall had erupted in a buzz of conversation at the news that Snape had finally achieved his heart’s desire. 
Seemingly oblivious to the sensational nature of the news he had just imparted, Dumbledore said nothing more about staff appointments, but waited a few seconds to ensure that the silence was absolute before continuing. 
“Now, as everybody in this Hall knows, Lord Voldemort and his followers are once more at large and gaining in strength.” The silence seemed to tauten and strain as Dumbledore spoke. 
Harry glanced at Malfoy. 
Malfoy was not looking at Dumbledore, but making Malfoy's fork hover in midair with his wand, as though he found the headmaster’s words unworthy of the headmaster's attention. 
“I cannot emphasize strongly enough how dangerous the present situation is, and how much care each of us at Hogwarts must take to ensure that we remain safe. 
“But now, your beds await, as warm and comfortable as you could possibly wish, and I know that your top priority is to be well-rested for your lessons tomorrow. 
Harry, who was in no hurry at all to leave with the gawping crowd, nor to get near enough to Malfoy to allow him to retell the story of the nose-stamping, lagged behind, pretending to retie the lace on his trainer, allowing most of the Gryffindors to draw ahead of him. 
Hermione had darted ahead to fulfill Hermione's prefect’s duty of shepherding the first years, but Ron remained with Harry. 
“What really happened to your nose?” he asked, once they were at the very back of the throng pressing out of the Hall, and out of earshot of anyone else. 
Harry told him. 
It was a mark of the strength of their friendship that Ron did not laugh. 
“I saw Malfoy miming something to do with a nose,” he said darkly. 
“Yeah, well, never mind that,” said Harry bitterly. 
“Listen to what Harry was saying before Harry found out I was there. 
With what Harry considered pure pigheadedness, however, Ron was unimpressed. 
“Come on, Harry, Harry was just showing off for Parkinson. 
Harry looked over Harry's shoulder to see Hagrid shaking Harry's head. 
“Dumbledore uses that name,” said Harry stubbornly. 
“Yeah, well, tha’s Dumbledore, innit?” said Hagrid mysteriously. 
“So how come yeh were late, Harry? 
“Why were you late?” “I was with Grawp,” said Hagrid happily. 
“Los’ track o’ the time. 
“Oh yeah, he’s really come on,” said Hagrid proudly. 
“Yeh’ll be amazed. 
They were now standing beside the oak front doors. 
“Anyway, I’ll see yeh tomorrow, firs’ lesson’s straight after lunch. 
Harry and Ron looked at each other. 
Harry could tell that Ron was experiencing the same sinking feeling as himself. 
“You’re not taking Care of Magical Creatures, are you?” Ron shook his head. 
“And you’re not either, are you?” Harry shook Harry's head too. 
“And Hermione,” said Ron, “she’s not, is she?” Harry shook Harry's head again. 
Exactly what Hagrid would say when he realized his three favorite students had given up his subject, he did not like to think. 
Harry and Ron met Hermione in the common room before breakfast next morning. 
Hoping for some support for his theory, Harry lost no time in telling Hermione what Harry had overheard Malfoy saying on the Hogwarts Express. 
“But Harry was obviously showing off for Parkinson, wasn’t Harry?” interjected Ron quickly, before Hermione could say anything. 
“Well,” she said uncertainly, “I don’t know. 
“It’s rude to point,” Ron snapped at a particularly minuscule first-year boy as they joined the queue to climb out of the portrait hole. 
The boy, who had been muttering something about Harry behind Harry's hand to Harry's friend, promptly turned scarlet and toppled out of the hole in alarm. 
Ron sniggered. 
“I love being a sixth year. 
“Yeah, but not today,” said Ron. 
“Today’s going to be a real doss, I reckon.” “Hold it!” said Hermione, throwing out an arm and halting a passing fourth year, who was attempting to push past Hermione's with a lime-green disk clutched tightly in his hand. 
“Fanged Frisbees are banned, hand it over,” she told him sternly. 
The scowling boy handed over the snarling Frisbee, ducked under her arm, and took off after The scowling boy's friends. 
Ron waited for The scowling boy to vanish, then tugged the Frisbee from Hermione ’s grip. 
“Excellent, I’ve always wanted one of these.” Hermione ’s remonstration was drowned by a loud giggle; Lavender Brown had apparently found Ron’s remark highly amusing. 
Lavender Brown continued to laugh as Lavender Brown passed them, glancing back at Ron over Lavender Brown's shoulder. 
Ron looked rather pleased with himself. 
The ceiling of the Great Hall was serenely blue and streaked with frail, wispy clouds, just like the squares of sky visible through the high mullioned windows. 
While they tucked into porridge and eggs and bacon, Harry and Ron told Hermione about their embarrassing conversation with Hagrid the previous evening. 
“But he can’t really think we’d continue Care of Magical Creatures!” she said, looking distressed. 
“I mean, when has any of us expressed you know any enthusiasm?” “That’s it, though, innit?” said Ron, swallowing an entire fried egg whole. 
“We were the ones who made the most effort in classes because We like Hagrid. 
They knew perfectly well that nobody in They's year would want to continue Care of Magical Creatures. 
They avoided Hagrid’s eye and returned Hagrid’s's cheery wave only halfheartedly when Hagrid’s left the staff table ten minutes later. 
After they had eaten, they remained in their places, awaiting Professor McGonagall’s descent from the staff table. 
The distribution of class schedules was more complicated than usual this year, for Professor McGonagall needed first to confirm that everybody had achieved the necessary O.W.L. 
grades to continue with their chosen N.E.W.T.s. 
Hermione was immediately cleared to continue with Charms, Defense Against the Dark Arts, Transfiguration, Herbology, Arithmancy, Ancient Runes, and Potions, and shot off to a first-period Ancient Runes class without further ado. 
Neville took a little longer to sort out; Neville's round face was anxious as Professor McGonagall looked down Professor McGonagall's application and then consulted Professor McGonagall's O.W.L. 
results. 
“Herbology, fine,” she said. 
“Professor Sprout will be delighted to see you back with an ‘Outstanding’ O.W.L. 
Professor McGonagall peered at him through Professor McGonagall's square spectacles. 
“Why do you want to continue with Transfiguration, anyway? 
“It’s high time your grandmother learned to be proud of the grandson she’s got, rather than the one she thinks she ought to have — particularly after what happened at the Ministry.” Neville turned very pink and blinked confusedly; Professor McGonagall had never paid Professor McGonagall a compliment before. 
“I’m sorry, Longbottom, but I cannot let you into my N.E.W.T. 
“Take Charms,” said Professor McGonagall, “and I shall drop Augusta a line reminding her that just because her failed her Charms O.W.L., the subject is not necessarily worthless.” Smiling slightly at the look of delighted incredulity on Neville’s face, Professor McGonagall tapped a blank schedule with the tip of Professor McGonagall's wand and handed it, now carrying details of his new classes, to Neville. 
Professor McGonagall turned next to Parvati Patil, whose first question was whether Firenze, the handsome centaur, was still teaching Divination. 
“He and Professor Trelawney are dividing classes between He and Professor Trelawney this year,” said Professor McGonagall, a hint of disapproval in her voice; it was common knowledge that she despised the subject of Divination. 
“The sixth year is being taken by Professor Trelawney.” Parvati set off for Divination five minutes later looking slightly crestfallen. 
“So, Potter, Potter ” said Professor McGonagall, consulting her notes as she turned to Harry. 
“Charms, Defense Against the Dark Arts, Herbology, Transfiguration all fine. 
“Very well, Potter, here is your schedule. 
“Look,” said Ron delightedly, gazing at his schedule, “we’ve got a free period now and a free period after break and after lunch excellent.” They returned to the common room, which was empty apart from a half dozen seventh years, including Katie Bell, the only remaining member of the original Gryffindor Quidditch team that Harry had joined in Harry's first year. 
“I thought you’d get that, well done,” she called over, pointing at the Captain’s badge on Harry’s chest. 
“Tell me when you call trials!” “Don’t be stupid,” said Harry, “you don’t need to try out, I’ve watched you play for five years. 
“For all you know, there’s someone much better than me out there. 
It zoomed around the common room, snarling and attempting to take bites of the tapestry. 
Crookshanks’s yellow eyes followed it and he hissed when it came too close. 
An hour later they reluctantly left the sunlit common room for the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom four floors below. 
Hermione was already queuing outside, carrying an armful of heavy books and looking put-upon. 
“We got so much homework for Runes,” Hermione said anxiously, when Harry and Ron joined Hermione. 
“A fifteen- inch essay, two translations, and I’ve got to read these by Wednesday!” “Shame,” yawned Ron. 
“You wait,” she said resentfully. 
“I bet Snape gives us loads.” The classroom door opened as she spoke, and Snape stepped into the corridor, Snape's sallow face framed as ever by two curtains of greasy black hair. 
Silence fell over the queue immediately. 
“Inside,” he said. 
Harry looked around as they entered. 
Snape had imposed Snape's personality upon the room already; it was gloomier than usual, as curtains had been drawn over the windows, and was lit by candlelight. 
New pictures adorned the walls, many of them showing people who appeared to be in pain, sporting grisly injuries or strangely contorted body parts. 
Nobody spoke as they settled down, looking around at the shadowy, gruesome pictures. 
“I have not asked you to take out your books,” said Snape, closing the door and moving to face the class from behind his desk; Hermione hastily dropped Hermione's copy of Confronting the Faceless back into Hermione's bag and stowed it under Hermione's chair. 
“I wish to speak to you, and I want your fullest attention.” His black eyes roved over their upturned faces, lingering for a fraction of a second longer on Harry’s than anyone else’s. 
“You have had five teachers in this subject so far, I believe.” You believe like you haven’t watched them all come and go, Snape, hoping you’d be next, thought Harry scathingly. 
“Naturally, five teachers will all have had these teachers's own methods and priorities. 
“The Dark Arts,” said Snape, “are many, varied, ever- changing, and eternal. 
It was surely one thing to respect The Dark Arts as a dangerous enemy, another to speak of them, as Snape was doing, with a loving caress in his voice? 
“Your defenses,” said Snape, a little louder, “must therefore be as flexible and inventive as the arts you seek to undo. 
“Has an Inferius been seen, then?” said Parvati Patil in a high-pitched voice. 
“Is it definite, is he using them?” “The Dark Lord has used Inferi in the past,” said Snape, “which means you would be well-advised to assume Snape might use them again. 
you are, I believe, complete novices in the use of nonverbal spells. 
What is the advantage of a nonverbal spell?” Hermione’s hand shot into the air. 
Snape took Snape's time looking around at everybody else, making sure Snape had no choice, before saying curtly, “Very well — Miss Granger?” “Your adversary has no warning about what kind of magic you’re about to perform,” said Hermione, “which gives you a split-second advantage.” “An answer copied almost word for word from The Standard Book of Spells, Grade Six,” said Snape dismissively (over in the corner, Malfoy sniggered), “but correct in essentials. 
Snape refused to drop Snape's gaze, but glowered at Snape until Snape looked away. 
“You will now divide,” Snape went on, “into pairs. 
how to perform a Shield Charm the previous year. 
None of them had ever cast the charm without speaking, however. 
A reasonable amount of cheating ensued; many people were merely whispering the incantation instead of saying it aloud. 
Typically, ten minutes into the lesson Hermione managed to repel Neville’s muttered Jelly-Legs Jinx without uttering a single word, a feat that would surely have earned her twenty points for Gryffindor from any reasonable teacher, thought Harry bitterly, but which Snape ignored. 
Harry swept between them as them practiced, looking just as much like an overgrown bat as ever, lingering to watch Harry and Ron struggling with the task. 
Ron, who was supposed to be jinxing Harry, was purple in the face, his lips tightly compressed to save his from the temptation of muttering the incantation. 
Harry had Harry's wand raised, waiting on tenterhooks to repel a jinx that seemed unlikely ever to come. 
“Pathetic, Weasley,” said Snape, after a while. 
“Here — let me show you — ” He turned He's wand on Harry so fast that Harry reacted instinctively; all thought of nonverbal spells forgotten, Harry yelled, “Protegol” Harry Shield Charm was so strong Snape was knocked off-balance and hit a desk. 
The whole class had looked around and now watched as Snape righted Snape, scowling. 
“Do you remember me telling you we are practicing nonverbal spells, Potter?” “Yes,” said Harry stiffly. 
“Yes, sir.” “There’s no need to call me ‘sir,’ Professor.” The words had escaped him before he knew what him was saying. 
Several people gasped, including Hermione. 
Behind Snape, however, Ron, Dean, and Seamus grinned appreciatively. 
“Detention, Saturday night, my office,” said Snape. 
“I do not take cheek from anyone, Potter not even ‘the Chosen One. 
“You really shouldn’t have said it,” said Hermione, frowning at Ron. 
“What made you?” “He tried to jinx me, in case you didn’t notice!” fumed Harry. 
“I had enough of that during those Occlumency lessons! 
“Harry! 
“For you,” panted Sloper. 
“Listen, I heard you’re the new Captain. 
“I’ll let you know.” “Oh, right. 
Leaving Sloper in mid-sentence, he hurried away with Ron and Hermione, unrolling the parchment as he went. 
Dear Harry, I would like to start our private lessons this Saturday. 
Kindly come along to my office at 8 p.m. 
I hope you are enjoying your first day back at school. 
Yours sincerely, Albus Dumbledore P. S. I enjoy Acid Pops. 
“He enjoys Acid Pops?” said Ron, who had read the message over Harry’s shoulder and was looking perplexed. 
“It’s the password to get past the gargoyle outside his study,” said Harry in a low voice. 
“Ha! 
Ron thought it most likely to be spectacular jinxes and hexes of the type the Death Eaters would not know. 
Hermione said such things were illegal, and thought it much more likely that Dumbledore wanted to teach Harry advanced Defensive magic. 
After break, Hermione went off to Arithmancy while Harry and Ron returned to the common room, where they grudgingly started Snape’s homework. 
This turned out to be so complex that they still had not finished when Hermione joined them for them's after-lunch free period (though Hermione considerably speeded up the process). 
They had only just finished when the bell rang for the afternoon’s double Potions and They beat the familiar path down to the dungeon classroom that had, for so long, been Snape’s. 
When They arrived in the corridor They saw that there were only a dozen people progressing to N.E.W.T. 
level. 
Crabbe and Goyle had evidently failed to achieve the required O.W.L. 
grade, but four Slytherins had made it through, including Malfoy. 
Four Ravenclaws were there, and one Hufflepuff, Ernie Macmillan, whom Harry liked despite his rather pompous manner. 
“Harry,” Ernie said portentously, holding out Harry's hand as Harry approached, “didn’t get a chance to speak in Defense Against the Dark Arts this morning. 
As they filed into the room, his great walrus mustache curved above his beaming mouth, and his greeted Harry and Zabini with particular enthusiasm. 
The dungeon was, most unusually, already full of vapors and odd smells. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione sniffed interestedly as they passed large, bubbling cauldrons. 
The four Slytherins took a table together, as did the four Ravenclaws. 
This left Harry, Ron, and Hermione to share a table with Ernie. 
They chose the one nearest a gold-colored cauldron that was emitting one of the most seductive scents Harry had ever inhaled: Somehow it reminded Harry simultaneously of treacle tart, the woody smell of a broomstick handle, and something flowery Harry thought Harry might have smelled at the Burrow. 
Harry found that Harry was breathing very slowly and deeply and that the potion’s fumes seemed to be filling Harry up like drink. 
A great contentment stole over Harry; Harry grinned across at Ron, who grinned back lazily. 
“Now then, now then, now then,” said Slughorn, whose massive outline was quivering through the many shimmering vapors. 
“Scales out, everyone, and potion kits, and don’t forget your copies of Advanced Potion-Making. 
“Harry, m’boy?” “I haven’t got a book or scales or anything — nor’s Ron — we didn’t realize we’d be able to do the N.E.W.T., you see — ” “Ah, yes, Professor McGonagall did mention not to worry, my dear boy, not to worry at all. 
“Now then,” said Slughorn, returning to the front of the class and inflating his already bulging chest so that the buttons on his waistcoat threatened to burst off, “I’ve prepared a few potions for you to have a look at, just out of interest, you know. 
Harry raised Harry slightly in Harry's seat and saw what looked like plain water boiling away inside his seat. 
Hermione’s well-practiced hand hit the air before anybody else’s; Slughorn pointed at Hermione. 
“It’s Veritaserum, a colorless, odorless potion that forces the drinker to tell the truth,” said Hermione. 
“Very good, very good!” said Slughorn happily. 
“Now,” he continued, pointing at the cauldron nearest the Ravenclaw table, “this one here is pretty well known. 
“It’s Polyjuice Potion, sir,” she said. 
Harry too had recognized the slow-bubbling, mudlike substance in the second cauldron, but did not resent Hermione getting the credit for answering the question; Hermione, after all, was the one who had succeeded in making it, back in their second year. 
“Excellent, excellent! 
“It’s Amortentia!” “It is indeed. 
“Quite right! 
“May I ask your name, my dear?” said Slughorn, ignoring Hermione’s embarrassment. 
“Hermione Granger, sir.” “Granger? 
“Oho! 
“Well, well, take twenty well-earned points for Gryffindor, Miss Granger,” said Slughorn genially. 
Malfoy looked rather as Malfoy had done the time Hermione had punched Malfoy in the face. 
Hermione turned to Harry with a radiant expression and whispered, “Did you really tell Harry I’m the best in the year? 
“You are the best in the year — I’d’ve told Harry so if him’d asked me!” Hermione smiled but made a “shhing” gesture, so that they could hear what Slughorn was saying. 
Ron looked slightly disgruntled. 
“Amortentia doesn’t really create love, of course. 
“When you have seen as much of life as I have, you will not underestimate the power of obsessive love. 
The potion within was splashing about merrily; The potion was the color of molten gold, and large drops were leaping like goldfish above the surface, though not a particle had spilled. 
“Oho,” said Slughorn again. 
Harry was sure that Slughorn had not forgotten the potion at all, but had waited to be asked for dramatic effect. 
“Yes. 
“It makes you lucky!” The whole class seemed to sit up a little straighter. 
Now all Harry could see of Malfoy was the back of his sleek blond head, because his was at last giving Slughorn his full and undivided attention. 
“Quite right, take another ten points for Gryffindor. 
“Desperately tricky to make, and disastrous to get wrong. 
“Because if taken in excess, it causes giddiness, recklessness, and dangerous overconfidence,” said Slughorn. 
“Too much of a good thing, you know highly toxic in large quantities. 
“Twice in my life,” said Slughorn. 
“Once when I was twenty-four, once when I was fifty-seven. 
Whether he was playacting or not, thought Harry, the effect was good. 
“And that,” said Slughorn, apparently coming back to earth, “is what I shall be offering as a prize in this lesson.” There was silence in which every bubble and gurgle of the surrounding potions seemed magnified tenfold. 
“One tiny bottle of Felix Felicis,” said Slughorn, taking a minuscule glass bottle with a cork in it out of his pocket and showing it to them all. 
“Enough for twelve hours’ luck. 
The concentration within the room was almost tangible. 
Harry saw Malfoy riffling feverishly through Harry's copy of Advanced Potion-Making. 
It could not have been clearer that Malfoy really wanted that lucky day. 
Harry bent swiftly over the tattered book Slughorn had lent Harry. 
To Harry's annoyance Harry saw that the previous owner had scribbled all over the pages, so that the margins were as black as the printed portions. 
Bending low to decipher the ingredients (even here, the previous owner had made annotations and crossed things out) Harry hurried off toward the store cupboard to find what Harry needed. 
As Harry dashed back to Harry's cauldron, Harry saw Malfoy cutting up valerian roots as fast as Harry could. 
Everyone kept glancing around at what the rest of the class was doing; this was both an advantage and a disadvantage of Potions, that it was hard to keep your work private. 
Within ten minutes, the whole place was full of bluish steam. 
Hermione, of course, seemed to have progressed furthest. 
Hermione potion already resembled the “smooth, black currant-colored liquid” mentioned as the ideal halfway stage. 
Having finished chopping his roots, Harry bent low over Harry's book again. 
It was really very irritating, having to try and decipher the directions under all the stupid scribbles of the previous owner, who for some reason had taken issue with the order to cut up the sopophorous bean and had written in the alternative instruction: Crush with flat side of silver dagger, releases juice better than cutting. 
“Sir, I think you knew my grandfather, Abraxas Malfoy?” Harry looked up; Slughorn was just passing the Slytherin table. 
“Yes,” said Slughorn, without looking at Malfoy, “I was sorry to hear Harry had died, although of course it wasn’t unexpected, dragon pox at Harry's age. 
Harry bent back over Harry's cauldron, smirking. 
Harry could tell that Malfoy had expected to be treated like Harry or Zabini; perhaps even hoped for some preferential treatment of the type Harry had learned to expect from Snape. 
It looked as though Malfoy would have to rely on nothing but talent to win the bottle of Felix Felicis. 
The sopophorous bean was proving very difficult to cut up. 
Harry turned to Hermione. 
“Can I borrow your silver knife?” She nodded impatiently, not taking her eyes off her potion, which was still deep purple, though according to the book ought to be turning a light shade of lilac by now. 
Harry crushed Harry's bean with the flat side of the dagger. 
To his astonishment, it immediately exuded so much juice his was amazed the shriveled bean could have held it all. 
Hastily scooping it all into the cauldron he saw, to his surprise, that the potion immediately turned exactly the shade of lilac described by the textbook. 
he annoyance with the previous owner vanishing on the spot, Harry now squinted at the next line of instructions. 
According to the book, Harry had to stir counterclockwise until the potion turned clear as water. 
According to the addition the previous owner had made, however, Harry ought to add a clockwise stir after every seventh counterclockwise stir. 
Could the old owner be right twice? 
Harry stirred counterclockwise, held Harry's breath, and stirred once clockwise. 
The effect was immediate. 
The potion turned palest pink. 
“How are you doing that?” demanded Hermione, who was red-faced and whose hair was growing bushier and bushier in the fumes from her cauldron; her potion was still resolutely purple. 
“Add a clockwise stir — ” “No, no, the book says counterclockwise!” she snapped. 
Harry shrugged and continued what Harry was doing. 
Seven stirs counterclockwise, one clockwise, pause seven stirs counterclockwise, one stir clockwise Across the table, Ron was cursing fluently under his breath; his potion looked like liquid licorice. 
Harry glanced around. 
As far as Harry could see, no one else’s potion had turned as pale as Harry. 
Harry felt elated, something that had certainly never happened before in this dungeon. 
“And time’s up!” called Slughorn. 
“Stop stirring, please!” Slughorn moved slowly among the tables, peering into cauldrons. 
Slughorn made no comment, but occasionally gave the potions a stir or a sniff. 
At last he reached the table where Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ernie were sitting. 
He smiled ruefully at the tarlike substance in Ron’s cauldron. 
He passed over Ernie’s navy concoction. 
Hermione’s potion He gave an approving nod. 
Then He saw Harry’s, and a look of incredulous delight spread over his face. 
“The clear winner!” The clear winner! 
“Excellent, excellent, Harry! 
Ron looked simply dumbfounded. 
“How did you do that?” he whispered to Harry as they left the dungeon. 
“Got lucky, I suppose,” said Harry, because Malfoy was within earshot. 
Once they were securely ensconced at the Gryffindor table for dinner, however, he felt safe enough to tell they. 
Hermione’s face became stonier with every word he uttered. 
“I s’pose you think I cheated?” he finished, aggravated by her expression. 
“Well, it wasn’t exactly your own work, was it?” she said stiffly. 
“He only followed different instructions to ours,” said Ron. 
“Could’ve been a catastrophe, couldn’t it? 
“Slughorn could’ve handed me that book, but no, I get the one no one’s ever written on. 
He looked around and saw that Ginny had joined them. 
“Did I hear right? 
Harry knew what was on her mind at once. 
“It’s nothing,” he said reassuringly, lowering his voice. 
“It’s not like, you know, Riddle’s diary. 
“We ought to check that there’s nothing odd about it. 
“ Specialis Revelio\” she said, rapping it smartly on the front cover. 
Nothing whatsoever happened. 
The book simply lay there, looking old and dirty and dog-eared. 
“Finished?” said Harry irritably. 
“Or d’you want to wait and see if it does a few backflips?” “It seems all right,” said Hermione, still staring at the book suspiciously. 
“I mean, it really does seem to be just a textbook.” “Good. 
Nobody else was looking. 
Harry bent low to retrieve the book, and as Harry did so, Harry saw something scribbled along the bottom of the back cover in the same small, cramped handwriting as the instructions that had won Harry Harry's bottle of Felix Felicis, now safely hidden inside a pair of socks in his trunk upstairs. 
This Book is the Property of the Half-Blood Prince. 
For the rest of the week’s Potions lessons Harry continued to follow the Half-Blood Prince’s instructions wherever they deviated from Libatius Borage’s, with the result that by their fourth lesson Slughorn was raving about Harry’s abilities, saying that Harry had rarely taught anyone so talented. 
Neither Ron nor Hermione was delighted by this. 
Although Harry had offered to share Harry's book with both of them, Ron had more difficulty deciphering the handwriting than Harry did, and could not keep asking Harry to read aloud or it might look suspicious. 
Hermione, meanwhile, was resolutely plowing on with what Hermione called the “official” instructions, but becoming increasingly bad-tempered as they yielded poorer results than the Prince’s. 
Harry wondered vaguely who the Half-Blood Prince had been. 
Although the amount of homework they had been given prevented Harry from reading the whole of Harry's copy of Advanced Potion-Making, Harry had skimmed through it sufficiently to see that there was barely a page on which the Prince had not made additional notes, not all of them concerned with potion-making. 
Here and there were directions for what looked like spells that the Prince had made up the Prince. 
“Or herself,” said Hermione irritably, overhearing Harry pointing some of these out to Ron in the common room on Saturday evening. 
“It might have been a girl. 
“How many girls have been Princes?” Hermione seemed to have no answer to this. 
She merely scowled and twitched Shis essay on The Principles of Re materialization away from Ron, who was trying to read it upside down. 
Harry looked at Harry's watch and hurriedly put the old copy of Advanced Potion-Making back into Harry's bag. 
“It’s five to eight, I’d better go, I’ll be late for Dumbledore.” “Ooooh!” gasped Hermione, looking up at once. 
“Good luck! 
Harry proceeded through deserted corridors, though Harry had to step hastily behind a statue when Professor Trelawney appeared around a corner, muttering to herself as herself shuffled a pack of dirty-looking playing cards, reading them as herself walked. 
“Two of spades: conflict,” herself murmured, as herself passed the place where Harry crouched, hidden. 
“Seven of spades: an ill omen. 
“Well, that can’t be right,” she said, annoyed, and Harry heard shis reshuffling vigorously as she set off again, leaving nothing but a whiff of cooking sherry behind she. 
Harry waited until Harry was quite sure she had gone, then hurried off again until Harry reached the spot in the seventh-floor corridor where a single gargoyle stood against the wall. 
“Acid Pops,” said Harry, and the gargoyle leapt aside; the wall behind the gargoyle slid apart, and a moving spiral stone staircase was revealed, onto which Harry stepped, so that Harry was carried in smooth circles up to the door with the brass knocker that led to Dumbledore’s office. 
Harry knocked. 
“Come in,” said Dumbledore’s voice. 
“Good evening, sir,” said Harry, walking into the headmaster’s office. 
“Ah, good evening, Harry. 
“I hope you’ve had an enjoyable first week back at school?” “Yes, thanks, sir,” said Harry. 
“You must have been busy, a detention under your belt already!” “Er,” began Harry awkwardly, but Dumbledore did not look too stern. 
“I have arranged with Professor Snape that you will do your detention next Saturday instead.” “Right,” said Harry, who had more pressing matters on his mind than S nape’s detention, and now looked around surreptitiously for some indication of what Dumbledore was planning to do with Dumbledore this evening. 
The circular office looked just as The circular office always did; the delicate silver instruments stood on spindle- legged tables, puffing smoke and whirring; portraits of previous headmasters and headmistresses dozed in their frames, and Dumbledore’s magnificent phoenix, Fawkes, stood on his perch behind the door, watching Harry with bright interest. 
It did not even look as though Dumbledore had cleared a space for dueling practice. 
“So, Harry,” said Dumbledore, in a businesslike voice. 
“You have been wondering, I am sure, what I have planned for you during these — for want of a better word — lessons?” “Yes, sir.” “Well, I have decided that it is time, now that you know what prompted Lord Voldemort to try and kill you fifteen years ago, for you to be given certain information.” There was a pause. 
“You said, at the end of last term, you were going to tell me everything,” said Harry. 
It was hard to keep a note of accusation from his voice. 
“Sir,” Sir added. 
“And so I did,” said Dumbledore placidly. 
“I told you everything I know. 
“Naturally I do, but as I have already proven to you, I make mistakes like the next man. 
When Dumbledore straightened up, Dumbledore was holding a familiar shallow stone basin etched with odd markings around its rim. 
Dumbledore placed the Pensieve on the desk in front of Harry. 
“You look worried.” Harry had indeed been eyeing the Pensieve with some apprehension. 
Harry previous experiences with the odd device that stored and revealed thoughts and memories, though highly instructive, had also been uncomfortable. 
The last time he had disturbed its contents, he had seen much more than he would have wished. 
But Dumbledore was smiling. 
“This time, you enter the Pensieve with me and, even more unusually, with permission.” “Where are we going, sir?” “For a trip down Bob Ogden’s memory lane,” said Dumbledore, pulling from Dumbledore's pocket a crystal bottle containing a swirling silvery- white substance. 
“Who was Bob Ogden?” “He was employed by the Department of Magical Law Enforcement,” said Dumbledore. 
“He died some time ago, but not before I had tracked He down and persuaded He to confide these recollections to me. 
“Shall — shall I, sir?” “No matter, Harry — ” Dumbledore pointed Harry — ” Dumbledore's wand at the bottle and the cork flew out. 
“Sir — how did you injure your hand?” Harry asked again, looking at the blackened fingers with a mixture of revulsion and pity. 
“Now is not the moment for that story, Harry. 
“After you,” said Dumbledore, gesturing toward the bowl. 
Harry bent forward, took a deep breath, and plunged Harry's face into the silvery substance. 
Harry felt Harry's feet leave the office floor; Harry was falling, falling through whirling darkness and then, quite suddenly, Harry was blinking in dazzling sunlight. 
Before Harry's eyes had adjusted, Dumbledore landed beside Dumbledore. 
They were standing in a country lane bordered by high, tangled hedgerows, beneath a summer sky as bright and blue as a forget-me-not. 
Some ten feet in front of They stood a short, plump man wearing enormously thick glasses that reduced his eyes to molelike specks. 
his was reading a wooden signpost that was sticking out of the brambles on the left-hand side of the road. 
Harry knew this must be Ogden; Harry was the only person in sight, and Harry was also wearing the strange assortment of clothes so often chosen by inexperienced wizards trying to look like Muggles: in this case, a frock coat and spats over a striped one- piece bathing costume. 
Before Harry had time to do more than register Harry's bizarre appearance, however, Ogden had set off at a brisk walk down the lane. 
Dumbledore and Harry followed. 
As Dumbledore and Harry passed the wooden sign, Harry looked up at its two arms. 
The one pointing back the way they had come read: GREAT HANGLETON, 5 MILES. 
The arm pointing after Ogden said LITTLE HANGLETON, 1 MILE. 
They walked a short way with nothing to see but the hedgerows, the wide blue sky overhead and the swishing, frock-coated figure ahead. 
Then the lane curved to the left and fell away, sloping steeply down a hillside, so that they had a sudden, unexpected view of a whole valley laid out in front of they. 
Harry could see a village, undoubtedly Little Hangleton, nestled between two steep hills, its church and graveyard clearly visible. 
Across the valley, set on the opposite hillside, was a handsome manor house surrounded by a wide expanse of velvety green lawn. 
Ogden had broken into a reluctant trot due to the steep downward slope. 
Dumbledore lengthened Dumbledore's stride, and Harry hurried to keep up. 
Harry thought Little Hangleton must be their final destination and wondered, as Harry had done on the night they had found Slughorn, why they had to approach it from such a distance. 
Harry soon discovered that Harry was mistaken in thinking that they were going to the village, however. 
The lane curved to the right and when they rounded the corner, it was to see the very edge of Ogden’s frock coat vanishing through a gap in the hedge. 
Dumbledore and Harry followed him onto a narrow dirt track bordered by higher and wilder hedgerows than those Dumbledore and Harry had left behind. 
The path was crooked, rocky, and potholed, sloping downhill like the last one, and it seemed to be heading for a patch of dark trees a little below them. 
Sure enough, the track soon opened up at the copse, and Dumbledore and Harry came to a halt behind Ogden, who had stopped and drawn his wand. 
Despite the cloudless sky, the old trees ahead cast deep, dark, cool shadows, and it was a few seconds before Harry’s eyes discerned the building half-hidden amongst the tangle of trunks. 
It seemed to Harry a very strange location to choose for a house, or else an odd decision to leave the trees growing nearby, blocking all light and the view of the valley below. 
Harry wondered whether it was inhabited; it walls were mossy and so many tiles had fallen off the roof that the rafters were visible in places. 
Nettles grew all around it, their tips reaching the windows, which were tiny and thick with grime. 
Just as he had concluded that nobody could possibly live there, however, one of the windows was thrown open with a clatter, and a thin trickle of steam or smoke issued from it, as though somebody was cooking. 
Ogden moved forward quietly and, it seemed to Harry, rather cautiously. 
As the dark shadows of the trees slid over Harry, Harry stopped again, staring at the front door, to which somebody had nailed a dead snake. 
Then there was a rustle and a crack, and a man in rags dropped from the nearest tree, landing on Harry's feet right in front of Ogden, who leapt backward so fast Harry stood on the tails of Harry's frock coat and stumbled. 
“ You’re not welcome.” a man in rags had thick hair so matted with dirt thick hair could have been any color. 
Several of his teeth were missing. 
his eyes were small and dark and stared in opposite directions. 
his might have looked comical, but his did not; the effect was frightening, and Harry could not blame Ogden for backing away several more paces before Harry spoke. 
“Er — good morning. 
Harry thought Ogden was being extremely dim; the stranger was making Harry very clear in Harry’s opinion, particularly as Harry was brandishing a wand in one hand and a short and rather bloody knife in the other. 
“You understand Harry, I’m sure, Harry?” said Dumbledore quietly. 
“Yes, of course,” said Harry, slightly nonplussed. 
“Why can’t Ogden — ?” But as his eyes found the dead snake on the door again, his suddenly understood. 
“He’s speaking Parseltongue?” “Very good,” said Dumbledore, nodding and smiling. 
The man in rags was now advancing on Ogden, knife in one hand, wand in the other. 
“Now, look — ” Ogden began, but too late: There was a bang, and Ogden was on the ground, clutching Ogden's nose, while a nasty yellowish goo squirted from between Ogden's fingers. 
“Morfin!” said a loud voice. 
An elderly man had come hurrying out of the cottage, banging the door behind An elderly man so that the dead snake swung pathetically. 
An elderly man was shorter than the first, and oddly proportioned; This man's shoulders were very broad and This man's arms overlong, which, with An elderly man's bright brown eyes, short scrubby hair, and wrinkled face, gave An elderly man the look of a powerful, aged monkey. 
An elderly man came to a halt beside the man with the knife, who was now cackling with laughter at the sight of Ogden on the ground. 
“Ministry, is it?” said the older man, looking down at Ogden. 
“Correct!” said Ogden angrily, dabbing Correct!”'s face. 
“And you, I take it, are Mister Gaunt?” “S’right,” said Gaunt. 
“Got you in the face, did he?” “Yes, he did!” snapped Ogden. 
“Should’ve made your presence known, shouldn’t you?” said Gaunt aggressively. 
“This is private property. 
“Busybodies. 
Mister Gaunt spoke out of the corner of Mister Gaunt's mouth to Morfin. 
“Get in the house. 
Morfin seemed to be on the point of disagreeing, but when Morfin's father cast Morfin a threatening look Morfin changed Morfin's mind, lumbering away to the cottage with an odd rolling gait and slamming the front door behind Morfin, so that the snake swung sadly again. 
“It’s your son I’m here to see, Mister Gaunt,” said Ogden, as he mopped the last of the pus from the front of his coat. 
“That was Morfin, wasn’t it?” “Ar, that was Morfin,” said the old man indifferently. 
“Are you pure-blood?” he asked, suddenly aggressive. 
“That’s neither here nor there,” said Ogden coldly, and Harry felt his respect for Ogden rise. 
Apparently Gaunt felt rather differently. 
He squinted into Ogden’s face and muttered, in what was clearly supposed to be an offensive tone, “Now I come to think about it, I’ve seen noses like yours down in the village.” “I don’t doubt it, if your son’s been let loose on them,” said Ogden. 
“Perhaps we could continue this discussion inside?” “Inside?” “Yes, Mister Gaunt. 
“I don’t open letters.” “Then you can hardly complain that you get no warning of visitors,” said Ogden tartly. 
“I am here following a serious breach of Wizarding law, which occurred here in the early hours of this morning — ” “All right, all right, all right!” bellowed Gaunt. 
“Come in the bleeding house, then, and much good it’ll do you!” the bleeding house seemed to contain three tiny rooms. 
Two doors led off the main room, which served as kitchen and living room combined. 
Morfin was sitting in a filthy armchair beside the smoking fire, twisting a live adder between Morfin's thick fingers and crooning softly at it in Parseltongue: Hissy, hissy, little snakey, Slither on the floor, You be good to Morfin Or hell nail you to the door. 
There was a scuffling noise in the corner beside the open window, and Harry realized that there was somebody else in the room, a girl whose ragged gray dress was the exact color of the dirty stone wall behind her. 
her was standing beside a steaming pot on a grimy black stove, and was fiddling around with the shelf of squalid-looking pots and pans above it. 
her hair was lank and dull and her had a plain, pale, rather heavy face. 
her eyes, like her brother’s, stared in opposite directions. 
her looked a little cleaner than the two men, but Harry thought Harry had never seen a more defeated-looking person. 
“M’daughter, Merope,” said Gaunt grudgingly, as Ogden looked inquiringly toward her. 
“Good morning,” said Ogden. 
She did not answer, but with a frightened glance at Shis father turned Shis back on the room and continued shifting the pots on the shelf behind She. 
“Well, Mister Gaunt,” said Ogden, “to get straight to the point, we have reason to believe that your son, Morfin, performed magic in front of a Muggle late last night.” There was a deafening clang. 
Merope had dropped one of the pots. 
“Pick it up\” Gaunt bellowed at her. 
“That’s it, grub on the floor like some filthy Muggle, what’s your wand for, you useless sack of muck?” “Mister Gaunt, please!” said Ogden in a shocked voice, as Merope, who had already picked up the pot, flushed blotchily scarlet, lost her grip on the pot again, drew her wand shakily from her pocket, pointed it at the pot, and muttered a hasty, inaudible spell that caused the pot to shoot across the floor away from her, hit the opposite wall, and crack in two. 
Morfin let out a mad cackle of laughter. 
Gaunt screamed, “Mend it, you pointless lump, mend it!” Merope stumbled across the room, but before Merope had time to raise Merope's wand, Ogden had lifted his own and said firmly, “Reparo.” The pot mended The pot instantly. 
Gaunt looked for a moment as though Gaunt was going to shout at Ogden, but seemed to think better of it: Instead, Gaunt jeered at Gaunt's daughter, “Lucky the nice man from the Ministry’s here, isn’t it? 
Gaunt then stood quite still, Gaunt's back against the wall between the filthy window and the stove, as though Gaunt wished for nothing more than to sink into the stone and vanish. 
“Mister Gaunt,” Ogden began again, “as I’ve said: the reason for my visit — ” “I heard you the first time!” snapped Gaunt. 
“And so what? 
“ ‘Morfin has broken Wizarding law.’ ” Gaunt imitated Ogden’s voice, making it pompous and singsong. 
Morfin cackled again. 
“He taught a filthy Muggle a lesson, that’s illegal now, is it?” “Yes,” said Ogden. 
“I’m afraid it is.” He pulled from an inside pocket a small scroll of parchment and unrolled a small scroll of parchment. 
“What’s that, then, his sentence?” said Gaunt, Gaunt's voice rising angrily. 
“It is a summons to the Ministry for a hearing — ” “Summons! 
“And you think we’re scum, do you?” screamed Gaunt, advancing on Ogden now, with a dirty yellow- nailed finger pointing at his chest. 
“Scum who’ll come running when the Ministry tells ’em to? 
“That’s right!” roared Gaunt. 
For a moment, Harry thought Gaunt was making an obscene hand gesture, but then realized that Harry was showing Ogden the ugly, black- stoned ring Harry was wearing on Harry's middle finger, waving it before Ogden’s eyes. 
“See this? 
“I see it, I see it!” said Ogden hastily. 
“Slytherin’sl” yelled Gaunt. 
“Salazar Slytherin’s! 
“So!” said Gaunt triumphantly, as though So!” had just proved a complicated point beyond all possible dispute. 
“Don’t you go talking to us as if us’re dirt on your shoes! 
Morfin cackled again. 
Merope, huddled beside the window, her head bowed and her face hidden by her lank hair, said nothing. 
“Mister Gaunt,” said Ogden doggedly, “I am afraid that neither your ancestors nor mine have anything to do with the matter in hand. 
“ Be quiet, boy,” snarled Gaunt in Parseltongue, and Morfin fell silent again. 
“And so what if he did, then?” Gaunt said defiantly to Ogden. 
“I expect you’ve wiped the Muggle ’s filthy face clean for him, and him's memory to boot — ” “That’s hardly the point, is it, Mister Gaunt?” said Ogden. 
“This was an unprovoked attack on a defenseless — ” “Ar, I had you marked out as a Muggle-lover the moment I saw you,” sneered Gaunt, and Gaunt spat on the floor again. 
“This discussion is getting us nowhere,” said Ogden firmly. 
“It is clear from your son’s attitude that he feels no remorse for his actions.” He glanced down at He's scroll of parchment again. 
“Morfin will attend a hearing on the fourteenth of September to answer the charges of using magic in front of a Muggle and causing harm and distress to that same Mugg — ” Ogden broke off. 
The jingling, clopping sounds of horses and loud, laughing voices were drifting in through the open window. 
Apparently the winding lane to the village passed very close to the copse where the house stood. 
Gaunt froze, listening, Gaunt's eyes wide. 
Morfin hissed and turned Morfin's face toward the sounds, Morfin's expression hungry. 
Merope raised her head. 
Her face, Harry saw, was starkly white. 
“My God, what an eyesore!” rang out a girl’s voice, as clearly audible through the open window as if she had stood in the room beside them. 
“Couldn’t your father have that hovel cleared away, Tom?” “It’s not ours,” said a young man’s voice. 
“Everything on the other side of the valley belongs to us, but that cottage belongs to an old tramp called Gaunt, and his children. 
The jingling, clopping noises were growing louder and louder. 
Morfin made to get out of his armchair. 
“Keep your seat,” said his father warningly, in Parseltongue. 
“Tom,” said the girl’s voice again, now so close they were clearly right beside the house, “I might be wrong — but has somebody nailed a snake to that door?” “Good lord, you’re right!” said the man’s voice. 
“That’ll be the son, I told you he’s not right in the head. 
“ ‘Darling,’ ” whispered Morfin in Parseltongue, looking at Darling's sister. 
“ ‘Darling,’ he called her. 
“What’s that?” said Gaunt sharply, also in Parseltongue, looking from Gaunt's son to his daughter. 
“ What did you say, Morfin?” “She likes looking at that Muggle,” said Morfin, a vicious expression on his face as he stared at his sister, who now looked terrified. 
“Always in the garden when he passes, peering through the hedge at he, isn’t she? 
All three of the Gaunts seemed to have forgotten Ogden, who was looking both bewildered and irritated at this renewed outbreak of incomprehensible hissing and rasping. 
“Is it true?” said Gaunt in a deadly voice, advancing a step or two toward the terrified girl. 
“My daughter — pure-blooded descendant of Salazar Slytherin — hankering after a filthy, dirt-veined Muggle?” Merope shook her head frantically, pressing her into the wall, apparently unable to speak. 
“But I got him, FatheA” cackled Morfin. 
“I got him as him went by and him didn’t look so pretty with hives all over him, did him, Merope?” “You disgusting little Squib, you filthy little blood traitoA.” roared Gaunt, losing control, and Gaunt's hands closed around his daughter’s throat. 
Both Harry and Ogden yelled “No!” at the same time; Ogden raised his wand and cried, “Relashiol” Gaunt was thrown backward, away from Relashiol” Gaunt's daughter; Relashiol” Gaunt tripped over a chair and fell flat on Relashiol” Gaunt's back. 
With a roar of rage, Morfin leapt out of his chair and ran at Ogden, brandishing his bloody knife and firing hexes indiscriminately from his wand. 
Ogden ran for his life. 
Dumbledore indicated that they ought to follow and Harry obeyed, Merope ’s screams echoing in his ears. 
Ogden hurtled up the path and erupted onto the main lane, Ogden's arms over Ogden's head, where Ogden collided with the glossy chestnut horse ridden by a very handsome, dark-haired young man. 
Both he and the pretty girl riding beside he on a gray horse roared with laughter at the sight of Ogden, who bounced off the horse’s flank and set off again, his frock coat flying, covered from head to foot in dust, running pell-mell up the lane. 
“I think that will do, Harry,” said Dumbledore. 
Harry took Harry by the elbow and tugged. 
Next moment, they were both soaring weightlessly through darkness, until they landed squarely on their feet, back in Dumbledore ’s now twilit office. 
“What happened to the girl in the cottage?” said Harry at once, as Dumbledore lit extra lamps with a flick of his wand. 
“Merope, or whatever her name was?” “Oh, she survived,” said Dumbledore, reseating himself behind himself's desk and indicating that Harry should sit down too. 
“Ogden Apparated back to the Ministry and returned with reinforcements within fifteen minutes. 
“That’s right,” said Dumbledore, smiling in approval. 
“I am glad to see you’re keeping up.” “That old man was — ?” “Voldemort’s grandfather, yes,” said Dumbledore. 
“Marvolo, his son, Morfin, and his daughter, Merope, were the last of the Gaunts, a very ancient Wizarding family noted for a vein of instability and violence that flourished through the generations due to their habit of marrying their own cousins. 
“And it so happens that we also had a glimpse of Voldemort’s father. 
“Yes, that was Tom Riddle senior, the handsome Muggle who used to go riding past the Gaunt cottage and for whom Merope Gaunt cherished a secret, burning passion.” “And they ended up married?” Harry said in disbelief, unable to imagine two people less likely to fall in love. 
“I think you are forgetting,” said Dumbledore, “that Merope was a witch. 
“Or a love potion?” “Very good. 
“We must do a certain amount of guessing here, although I do not think it is difficult to deduce what happened. 
“Why did the love potion stop working?” “Again, this is guesswork,” said Dumbledore, “but I believe that Merope, who was deeply in love with her husband, could not bear to continue enslaving him by magical means. 
“I think that will do for tonight, Harry,” said Dumbledore after a moment or two. 
“Yes, sir,” said Harry. 
He got to He's feet, but did not leave. 
“Sir is it important to know all this about Voldemort’s past?” “Very important, I think,” said Dumbledore. 
“And it it’s got something to do with the prophecy?” “It has everything to do with the prophecy.” “Right,” said Harry, a little confused, but reassured all the same. 
He turned to go, then another question occurred to He, and He turned back again. 
“Sir, am I allowed to tell Ron and Hermione everything you’ve told me?” Dumbledore considered Dumbledore for a moment, then said, “Yes, I think Arthur and Miss Granger have proved Arthur and Miss Granger trustworthy. 
Sitting on one of the little spindle- legged tables that supported so many frail-looking silver instruments, was an ugly gold ring set with a large, cracked, black stone. 
“Sir,” said Harry, staring at it. 
“That ring — ” “Yes?” said Dumbledore. 
“You were wearing it when we visited Professor Slughorn that night.” “So I was,” Dumbledore agreed. 
“But isn’t it sir, isn’t it the same ring Marvolo Gaunt showed Ogden?” Dumbledore bowed Dumbledore's head. 
“The very same.” “But how come — ? 
“A few days before I came to fetch you from your aunt and uncle’s, in fact.” “That would be around the time you injured your hand, then, sir?” “Around that time, yes, Harry.” Harry hesitated. 
Dumbledore was smiling. 
“Sir, how exactly — ?” “Too late, Harry! 
Not only were they studying as though they had exams every day, but the lessons themselves had become more demanding than ever before. 
Harry barely understood half of what Professor McGonagall said to them these days; even Hermione had had to ask Hermione's to repeat instructions once or twice. 
Incredibly, and to Hermione ’s increasing resentment, Harry’s best subject had suddenly become Potions, thanks to the Half-Blood Prince. 
Nonverbal spells were now expected, not only in Defense Against the Dark Arts, but in Charms and Transfiguration too. 
Harry frequently looked over at Harry's classmates in the common room or at mealtimes to see them purple in the face and straining as though them had overdosed on U-No-Poo; but Harry knew that them were really struggling to make spells work without saying incantations aloud. 
It was a relief to get outside into the greenhouses; they were dealing with more dangerous plants than ever in Herbology, but at least they were still allowed to swear loudly if the Venomous Tentacula seized they unexpectedly from behind. 
One result of their enormous workload and the frantic hours of practicing nonverbal spells was that Harry, Ron, and Hermione had so far been unable to find time to go and visit Hagrid. 
He had stopped coming to meals at the staff table, an ominous sign, and on the few occasions when they had passed He in the corridors or out in the grounds, He had mysteriously failed to notice them or hear them's greetings. 
“We’ve got to go and explain,” said Hermione, looking up at Hagrid ’s huge empty chair at the staff table the following Saturday at breakfast. 
“We’ve got Quidditch tryouts this morning!” said Ron. 
“And we’re supposed to be practicing that Aguamenti Charm from Flitwick! 
“Speak for yourself, I haven’t forgotten the skrewts,” said Ron darkly. 
“And I’m telling you now, we’ve had a narrow escape. 
“Well go down after Quidditch,” Harry assured her. 
Harry too was missing Hagrid, although like Ron he thought that they were better off without Grawp in their lives. 
“But trials might take all morning, the number of people who have applied.” He felt slightly nervous at confronting the first hurdle of He's Captaincy. 
“I dunno why the team’s this popular all of a sudden.” “Oh, come on, Harry,” said Hermione, suddenly impatient. 
“It’s not Quidditch that’s popular, it’s you! 
Hermione spared him one look of disdain before turning back to Harry. 
“Everyone knows you’ve been telling the truth now, don’t they? 
“And you’ve been through all that persecution from the Ministry when they were trying to make out you were unstable and a liar. 
“And it doesn’t hurt that you’ve grown about a foot over the summer either,” Hermione finished, ignoring Ron. 
“I’m tall,” said Ron inconsequentially. 
The post owls arrived, swooping down through rain- flecked windows, scattering everyone with droplets of water. 
Most people were receiving more post than usual; anxious parents were keen to hear from Most people's children and to reassure children, in turn, that all was well at home. 
Harry had received no mail since the start of term; Harry's only regular correspondent was now dead and although Harry had hoped that Lupin might write occasionally, Harry had so far been disappointed. 
Harry was very surprised, therefore, to see the snowy white Hedwig circling amongst all the brown and gray owls. 
She landed in front of Harry carrying a large, square package. 
A moment later, an identical package landed in front of Ron, crushing beneath an identical package his minuscule and exhausted owl, Pigwidgeon. 
“Ha!” said Harry, unwrapping the parcel to reveal a new copy of Advanced Potion-Making, fresh from Flourish and Blotts. 
“Oh good,” said Hermione, delighted. 
“Now you can give that graffitied copy back.” “Are you mad?” said Harry. 
“I’m keeping it! 
He did the same thing with the brand-new book (Hermione looked scandalized). 
He then swapped the covers, tapped each, and said, “Reparo\” There sat the Prince’s copy, disguised as a new book, and there sat the fresh copy from Flourish and Blotts, looking thoroughly secondhand. 
“I’ll give Slughorn back the new one, Slughorn can’t complain, it cost nine Galleons.” Hermione pressed Hermione's lips together, looking angry and disapproving, but was distracted by a third owl landing in front of Hermione's carrying that day’s copy of the Daily Prophet. 
She unfolded it hastily and scanned the front page. 
“Anyone we know dead?” asked Ron in a determinedly casual voice; he posed the same question every time Hermione opened her paper. 
“No, but there have been more dementor attacks,” said Hermione. 
“And an arrest.” “Excellent, who?” said Harry, thinking of Bellatrix Lestrange. 
“Stan Shunpike,” said Hermione. 
“What?” said Harry, startled. 
“ ‘Stanley Shunpike , conductor on the popular Wizarding conveyance the Knight Bus, has been arrested on suspicion of Death Eater activity. 
“No way!” “He might have been put under the Imperius Curse,” said Ron reasonably. 
“You never can tell.” “It doesn’t look like it,” said Hermione, who was still reading. 
“It says here he was arrested after he was overheard talking about the Death Eaters’ secret plans in a pub.” She looked up with a troubled expression on Shis face. 
“If he was under the Imperius Curse, he’d hardly stand around gossiping about their plans, would he?” “It sounds like he was trying to make out he knew more than he did,” said Ron. 
“Isn’t he the one who claimed he was going to become Minister of Magic when he was trying to chat up those veela?” “Yeah, that’s him,” said Harry. 
“I dunno what they’re playing at, taking Stan seriously.” “they probably want to look as though they’re doing something,” said Hermione, frowning. 
“People are terrified — you know the Patil twins’ parents want you know the Patil twins to go home? 
“But Hogwarts is safer than the Patil twins's homes, bound to be! 
The headmaster’s chair was indeed empty. 
Now Harry came to think of it, Harry had not seen Dumbledore since their private lesson a week ago. 
“I think Harry’s left the school to do something with the Order,” said Hermione in a low voice. 
“I mean it’s all looking serious, isn’t it? 
“Cormac McLaggen, Keeper.” “You didn’t try out last year, did you?” asked Harry, taking note of the breadth of McLaggen and thinking that Harry would probably block all three goal hoops without even moving. 
“I was in the hospital wing when they held the trials,” said McLaggen, with something of a swagger. 
“Ate a pound of doxy eggs for a bet.” “Right,” said Harry. 
“Well if you wait over there ” He pointed over to the edge of the pitch, close to where Hermione was sitting. 
He thought He saw a flicker of annoyance pass over McLaggen’s face and wondered whether McLaggen expected preferential treatment because they were both “old Sluggy’s” favorites. 
Harry decided to start with a basic test, asking all applicants for the team to divide into groups of ten and fly once around the pitch. 
This was a good decision: The first ten was made up of first years and it could not have been plainer that they had hardly ever flown before. 
Only one boy managed to remain airborne for more than a few seconds, and Only one boy was so surprised Only one boy promptly crashed into one of the goal posts. 
The second group was comprised of ten of the silliest girls Harry had ever encountered, who, when Harry blew Harry's whistle, merely fell about giggling and clutching one another. 
Romilda Vane was amongst them. 
When he told them to leave the pitch, them did so quite cheerfully and went to sit in the stands to heckle everyone else. 
The third group had a pileup halfway around the pitch. 
Most of the fourth group had come without broomsticks. 
The fifth group were Hufflepuffs. 
“If there’s anyone else here who’s not from Gryffindor,” roared Harry, who was starting to get seriously annoyed, “leave now, please!” There was a pause, then a couple of little Ravenclaws went sprinting off the pitch, snorting with laughter. 
After two hours, many complaints, and several tantrums, one involving a crashed Comet Two Sixty and several broken teeth, Harry had found Harry three Chasers: Katie Bell, returned to the team after an excellent trial; a new find called Demelza Robins, who was particularly good at dodging Bludgers; and Ginny Weasley, who had outflown all the competition and scored seventeen goals to boot. 
Pleased though he was with his choices, Harry had also shouted Harry hoarse at the many complainers and was now enduring a similar battle with the rejected Beaters. 
“That’s my final decision and if you don’t get out of the way for the Keepers I’ll hex you,” Harry bellowed. 
Neither of his chosen Beaters had the old brilliance of Fred and George, but his was still reasonably pleased with them: Jimmy Peakes, a short but broad-chested third-year boy who had managed to raise a lump the size of an egg on the back of Harry’s head with a ferociously hit Bludger, and Ritchie Coote, who looked weedy but aimed well. 
They now joined Katie, Demelza, and Ginny in the stands to watch the selection of They's last team member. 
Harry had deliberately left the trial of the Keepers until last, hoping for an emptier stadium and less pressure on all concerned. 
Unfortunately, however, all the rejected players and a number of people who had come down to watch after a lengthy breakfast had joined the crowd by now, so that it was larger than ever. 
As each Keeper flew up to the goal hoops, the crowd roared and jeered in equal measure. 
Harry glanced over at Ron, who had always had a problem with nerves; Harry had hoped that winning their final match last term might have cured it, but apparently not: Ron was a delicate shade of green. 
None of the first five applicants saved more than two goals apiece. 
To Harry’s great disappointment, Cormac McLaggen saved four penalties out of five. 
On the last one, however, Cormac McLaggen shot off in completely the wrong direction; the crowd laughed and booed and Cormac McLaggen returned to the ground grinding Cormac McLaggen's teeth. 
Ron looked ready to pass out as he mounted his Cleansweep Eleven. 
“Good luck!” cried a voice from the stands. 
Harry looked around, expecting to see Hermione, but it was Lavender Brown. 
Harry would have quite liked to have hidden Harry's face in Harry's hands, as she did a moment later, but thought that as the Captain he ought to show slightly more grit, and so turned to watch Ron do his trial. 
Yet he need not have worried: Ron saved one, two, three, four, five penalties in a row. 
Delighted, and resisting joining in the cheers of the crowd with difficulty, Harry turned to McLaggen to tell Harry that, most unfortunately, Ron had beaten Harry, only to find McLaggen’s red face inches from his own. 
Harry stepped back hastily. 
“Harry sister didn’t really try,” said McLaggen menacingly. 
There was a vein pulsing in his temple like the one Harry had often admired in Uncle Vernon’s. 
“She gave him an easy save.” “Rubbish,” said Harry coldly. 
“That was the one he nearly missed.” McLaggen took a step nearer Harry, who stood his ground this time. 
“Give me another go.” “No,” said Harry. 
“You’ve had your go. 
Harry turned around to find Harry's new team beaming at Harry. 
“Well done,” he croaked. 
“You flew really well — ” “You did brilliantly, Ron!” This time it really was Hermione running toward them from the stands; Harry saw Lavender walking off the pitch, arm in arm with Parvati, a rather grumpy expression on her face. 
Ron looked extremely pleased with himself and even taller than usual as himself grinned at the team and at Hermione. 
After fixing the time of their first full practice for the following Thursday, Harry, Ron, and Hermione bade good-bye to the rest of the team and headed off toward Hagrid’s. 
A watery sun was trying to break through the clouds now and A watery sun had stopped drizzling at last. 
Harry felt extremely hungry; Harry hoped there would be something to eat at Hagrid’s. 
“I thought I was going to miss that fourth penalty,” Ron was saying happily. 
“Tricky shot from Demelza, did you see, had a bit of spin on it — ” “Yes, yes, you were magnificent,” said Hermione, looking amused. 
“I was better than that McLaggen anyway,” said Ron in a highly satisfied voice. 
“Did you see him lumbering off in the wrong direction on him's fifth? 
Ron noticed nothing; him was too busy describing each of him's other penalties in loving detail. 
The great gray hippogriff, Buckbeak, was tethered in front of Hagrid’s cabin. 
He clicked He's razor-sharp beak at their approach and turned He's huge head toward them. 
“Oh dear,” said Hermione nervously. 
“He’s still a bit scary, isn’t He?” “Come off it, you’ve ridden He, haven’t you?” said Ron. 
Harry stepped forward and bowed low to the hippogriff without breaking eye contact or blinking. 
After a few seconds, Buckbeak sank into a bow too. 
“How are you?” Harry asked Harry in a low voice, moving forward to stroke the feathery head. 
“Missing him? 
Hagrid had come striding around the corner of his cabin wearing a large flowery apron and carrying a sack of potatoes. 
His enormous boarhound, Fang, was at His's heels; Fang gave a booming bark and bounded forward. 
“Git away from him! 
Hagrid stood and looked at them all for a split second, then turned and strode into his cabin, slamming the door behind his. 
“Oh dear!” said Hermione, looking stricken. 
“Don’t worry about it,” said Harry grimly. 
Harry walked over to the door and knocked loudly. 
“Hagrid! 
“If you don’t open the door, we’ll blast the door open!” Harry said, pulling out Harry's wand. 
“Harry!” said Hermione, sounding shocked. 
“You can’t possibly — ” “Yeah, I can!” said Harry. 
“Stand back — ” But before Harry could say anything else, the door flew open again as Harry had known it would, and there stood Hagrid, glowering down at Harry and looking, despite the flowery apron, positively alarming. 
“I’m a teacher!” he roared at Harry. 
“A teacher, Potter! 
Hagrid looked stunned. 
“Since when have yeh called me ‘sir’?” “Since when have you called me ‘Potter’?” “Oh, very clever,” growled Hagrid. 
“Very amusin’. 
Hermione scurried in after Harry, looking rather frightened. 
“Well?” said Hagrid grumpily, as Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat down around his enormous wooden table, Fang laying Fang's head immediately upon Harry’s knee and drooling all over his robes. 
“What’s this? 
“We wanted to see you.” “We’ve missed you!” said Hermione tremulously. 
“Missed me, have yeh?” snorted Hagrid. 
“Yeah. 
Finally he slammed down three bucket-sized mugs of mahogany-brown tea in front of them and a plate of his rock cakes. 
Harry was hungry enough even for Hagrid’s cooking, and took one at once. 
“Hagrid,” said Hermione timidly, when he joined them at the table and started peeling his potatoes with a brutality that suggested that each tuber had done he a great personal wrong, “we really wanted to carry on with Care of Magical Creatures, you know.” Hagrid gave another great snort. 
Harry rather thought some bogeys landed on the potatoes, and was inwardly thankful that they were not staying for dinner. 
“We did!” said Hermione. 
“But none of We could fit it into our schedules!” “Yeah. 
There was a funny squelching sound and they all looked around: Hermione let out a tiny shriek, and Ron leapt out of his seat and hurried around the table away from the large barrel standing in the corner that they had only just noticed. 
It was full of what looked like foot-long maggots, slimy, white, and writhing. 
“What are they, Hagrid?” asked Harry, trying to sound interested rather than revolted, but putting down Harry's rock cake all the same. 
“Jus’ giant grubs,” said Hagrid. 
“And they grow into ?” said Ron, looking apprehensive. 
“They won’ grow inter nuthin’,” said Hagrid. 
“I got ’em ter feed ter Aragog.” And without warning, he burst into tears. 
“Hagrid!” cried Hermione, leaping up, hurrying around the table the long way to avoid the barrel of maggots, and putting an arm around his shaking shoulders. 
“What is it?” “It’s him ” gulped Hagrid, his beetle-black eyes streaming as he mopped his face with his apron. 
“It’s Aragog. 
Harry knew how she felt. 
Harry had known Hagrid to present a vicious baby dragon with a teddy bear, seen him croon over giant scorpions with suckers and stingers, attempt to reason with his brutal giant of a half-brother, but this was perhaps the most incomprehensible of all his monster fancies: the gigantic talking spider, Aragog, who dwelled deep in the Forbidden Forest and which he and Ron had only narrowly escaped four years previously. 
“Is there — is there anything we can do?” Hermione asked, ignoring Ron’s frantic grimaces and head- shakings. 
“I don’ think there is, Hermione,” choked Hagrid, attempting to stem the flood of his tears. 
“See, the rest o’ the tribe Aragog’s family they’re gettin’ a bit funny now he’s ill bit restive ” “Yeah, I think we saw a bit of that side of them,” said Ron in an undertone. " 
I don’ reckon it’d be safe fer anyone but me ter go near the colony at the mo’,” Hagrid finished, blowing his nose hard on his apron and looking up. 
“But thanks fer offerin’, Hermione. 
“Ar, I always knew yeh’d find it hard ter squeeze me inter yer timetables,” hard ter said gruffly, pouring them more tea. 
“Even if yeh applied fer Time-Turners — ” “We couldn’t have done,” said Hermione. 
“We smashed the entire stock of Ministry Time-Turners when We were there last summer. 
“There’s no way yeh could’ve done it. 
“And I’ve got that detention with Snape tonight, I haven’t got much time for dinner. 
It took him two attempts to get through the doors; him ricocheted off the frame on the first attempt. 
Ron merely guffawed gloatingly and strode off into the Hall after him, but Harry caught Hermione ’s arm and held her back. 
“What?” said Hermione defensively. 
“If you ask me,” said Harry quietly, “McLaggen looks like he was Confunded this morning. 
“Oh, all right then, I did it,” she whispered. 
“But you should have heard the way he was talking about Ron and Ginny! 
“No, I suppose that’s true. 
“What are you two doing?” demanded Ron, reappearing in the doorway to the Great Hall and looking suspicious. 
“Nothing,” said Harry and Hermione together, and they hurried after Ron. 
The smell of roast beef made Harry’s stomach ache with hunger, but they had barely taken three steps toward the Gryffindor table when Professor Slughorn appeared in front of they, blocking their path. 
“Harry, Harry, just the man I was hoping to see!” he boomed genially, twiddling the ends of his walrus mustache and puffing out his enormous belly. 
“I was hoping to catch you before dinner! 
It was as though Ron was not present; Slughorn did not so much as look at him. 
“I can’t come, Professor,” said Harry at once. 
“I’ve got a detention with Professor Snape.” “Oh dear!” said Slughorn, his face falling comically. 
“Dear, dear, I was counting on you, Harry! 
“He’s got no chance of persuading Snape,” said Harry, the moment Slughorn was out of earshot. 
“This detention’s already been postponed once; Snape did it for Dumbledore, but Snape won’t do it for anyone else.” “Oh, I wish you could come, I don’t want to go on my own!” said Hermione anxiously; Harry knew that Hermione was thinking about McLaggen. 
“I doubt you’ll be alone, Ginny’ll probably be invited,” snapped Ron, who did not seem to have taken kindly to being ignored by Slughorn. 
After dinner they made their way back to Gryffindor Tower. 
The common room was very crowded, as most people had finished dinner by now, but they managed to find a free table and sat down; Ron, who had been in a bad mood ever since the encounter with Slughorn, folded his arms and frowned at the ceiling. 
Hermione reached out for a copy of the Evening Prophet, which somebody had left abandoned on a chair. 
“Anything new?” said Harry. 
“Not really ” Hermione had opened the newspaper and was scanning the inside pages. 
“Oh, look, your dad’s in here, Ron — he’s all right!” she added quickly, for Ron had looked around in alarm. 
“It just says he’s been to visit the Malfoys’ house. 
“I told him at King’s Cross about Malfoy and that thing him was trying to get Borgin to fix! 
“We were all searched when We arrived, weren’t We?” “Were you?” said Harry, taken aback. 
“I wasn’t!” “Oh no, of course you weren’t, I forgot you were late. 
“Someone’s sent it to him by owl, then,” him said. 
“him mother or someone.” “All the owls are being checked too,” said Hermione. 
“Filch told us so when Filch was jabbing those Secrecy Sensors everywhere Filch could reach.” Really stumped this time, Harry found nothing else to say. 
There did not seem to be any way Malfoy could have brought a dangerous or Dark object into the school. 
He looked hopefully at Ron, who was sitting with He's arms folded, staring over at Lavender Brown. 
“Can you think of any way Malfoy — ?” “Oh, drop it, Harry,” said Ron. 
“Listen, it’s not my fault Slughorn invited Hermione and me to his stupid party, neither of us wanted to go, you know!” said Harry, firing up. 
“Well, as I’m not invited to any parties,” said Ron, getting to his feet again, “I think I’ll go to bed.” He stomped off toward the door to the boys’ dormitories, leaving Harry and Hermione staring after Harry. 
“Harry?” said the new Chaser, Demelza Robins, appearing suddenly at his shoulder. 
“I’ve got a message for you.” “From Professor Slughorn?” asked Harry, sitting up hopefully. 
“No from Professor Snape,” said Demelza. 
Harry’s heart sank. 
“He says you’re to come to He's office at half past eight tonight to do your detention — er — no matter how many party invitations you’ve received. 
“Thanks a lot, Demelza.” Where was Dumbledore, and what was he doing? 
Harry caught sight of the headmaster only twice over the next few weeks. 
Harry rarely appeared at meals anymore, and Harry was sure Hermione was right in thinking that Harry was leaving the school for days at a time. 
Had Dumbledore forgotten the lessons Dumbledore was supposed to be giving Harry? 
Dumbledore had said that the lessons were leading to something to do with the prophecy; Harry had felt bolstered, comforted, and now Harry felt slightly abandoned. 
Halfway through October came their first trip of the term to Hogsmeade. 
Harry had wondered whether these trips would still be allowed, given the increasingly tight security measures around the school, but was pleased to know that they were going ahead; it was always good to get out of the castle grounds for a few hours. 
Harry woke early on the morning of the trip, which was proving stormy, and whiled away the time until breakfast by reading Harry's copy of Advanced Potion- Making. 
He did not usually lie in bed reading He's textbooks; that sort of behavior, as Ron rightly said, was indecent in anybody except Hermione, who was simply weird that way. 
Harry felt, however, that the Half-Blood Prince’s copy of Advanced Potion-Making hardly qualified as a textbook. 
The more Harry pored over the book, the more Harry realized how much was in there, not only the handy hints and shortcuts on potions that were earning Harry such a glowing reputation with Slughorn, but also the imaginative little jinxes and hexes scribbled in the margins, which Harry was sure, judging by the crossings-out and revisions, that the Prince had invented himself. 
Harry had already attempted a few of the Prince’s self- invented spells. 
There had been a hex that caused toenails to grow alarmingly fast (Harry had tried this on Crabbe in the corridor, with very entertaining results); a jinx that glued the tongue to the roof of the mouth (which Harry had twice used, to general applause, on an unsuspecting Argus Filch); and, perhaps most useful of all, Muffliato, a spell that filled the ears of anyone nearby with an unidentifiable buzzing, so that lengthy conversations could be held in class without being overheard. 
The only person who did not find these charms amusing was Hermione, who maintained a rigidly disapproving expression throughout and refused to talk at all if Harry had used the Muffliato spell on anyone in the vicinity. 
Sitting up in bed, Harry turned the book sideways so as to examine more closely the scribbled instructions for a spell that seemed to have caused the Prince some trouble. 
There were many crossings-out and alterations, but finally, crammed into a corner of the page, the scribble: Levicorpus (nvbl) While the wind and sleet pounded relentlessly on the windows, and Neville snored loudly, Harry stared at the letters in brackets. 
Nvbl that had to mean “nonverbal.” Harry rather doubted Harry would be able to bring off this particular spell; Harry was still having difficulty with nonverbal spells, something Snape had been quick to comment on in every D.A.D.A. 
class. 
On the other hand, the Prince had proved a much more effective teacher than Snape so far. 
Pointing the Prince's wand at nothing in particular, the Prince gave it an upward flick and said Levicorpusl inside the Prince's head. 
“ Aaaaaaaargh ! 
Harry sent Advanced Potion-Making flying in panic; Ron was dangling upside down in midair as though an invisible hook had hoisted him up by the ankle. 
“Sorry!” yelled Harry, as Dean and Seamus roared with laughter, and Neville picked Neville up from the floor, having fallen out of bed. 
“Hang on — I’ll let you down — ” He groped for the potion book and riffled through the potion book in a panic, trying to find the right page; at last He located the potion book and deciphered one cramped word underneath the spell: Praying that this was the counter-jinx, Harry thought Liberacorpus\ with all Harry's might. 
There was another flash of light, and Ron fell in a heap onto his mattress. 
“Sorry,” repeated Harry weakly, while Dean and Seamus continued to roar with laughter. 
“Tomorrow,” said Ron in a muffled voice, “I’d rather you set the alarm clock.” By the time they had got dressed, padding themselves out with several of Molly’s hand-knitted sweaters and carrying cloaks, scarves, and gloves, Ron’s shock had subsided and he had decided that Harry’s new spell was highly amusing; so amusing, in fact, that Harry lost no time in regaling Hermione with the story as they sat down for breakfast. " 
and then there was another flash of light and I landed on the bed again!” Ron grinned, helping himself to sausages. 
Hermione had not cracked a smile during this anecdote, and now turned an expression of wintry disapproval upon Harry. 
“Was this spell, by any chance, another one from that potion book of yours?” Hermione asked. 
Harry frowned at Hermione. 
“Always jump to the worst conclusion, don’t you?” “Was it?” “Well yeah, it was, but so what?” “So you just decided to try out an unknown, handwritten incantation and see what would happen?” “Why does it matter if it’s handwritten?” said Harry, preferring not to answer the rest of the question. 
“Because it’s probably not Ministry of Magic- approved,” said Hermione. 
“And also,” she added, as Harry and Ron rolled their eyes, “because I’m starting to think this Prince character was a bit dodgy.” Both Harry and Ron shouted her down at once. 
“It was a laugh!” said Ron, upending a ketchup bottle over his sausages. 
“Just a laugh, Hermione, that’s all!” “Dangling people upside down by the ankle?” said Hermione. 
“Who puts their time and energy into making up spells like that?” “Fred and George,” said Ron, shrugging, “it’s their kind of thing. 
He had only just remembered. 
“What?” said Ron and Hermione together. 
“My dad used this spell,” said Harry. 
“I — Lupin told me.” This last part was not true; in fact, Harry had seen Harry's father use the spell on Snape, but Harry had never told Ron and Hermione about that particular excursion into the Pensieve. 
Now, however, a wonderful possibility occurred to him. 
Could the Half- Blood Prince possibly be — ? 
“Maybe your dad did use it, Harry,” said Hermione, “but he’s not the only one. 
With a sinking feeling, he too remembered the behavior of the Death Eaters at the Quidditch World Cup. 
Ron came to his aid. 
“That was different,” he said robustly. 
“They were abusing it. 
“I just think it’s very irresponsible to start performing spells when you don’t even know what they’re for, and stop talking about ‘the Prince’ as if it’s his title, I bet it’s just a stupid nickname, and it doesn’t seem as though his was a very nice person to me!” “I don’t see where you get that from,” said Harry heatedly. 
“If he’d been a budding Death Eater he wouldn’t have been boasting about being ‘half-blood,’ would he?” Even as he said it, Harry remembered that Harry's father had been pure-blood, but Harry pushed the thought out of Harry's mind; Harry would worry about that later. 
“The Death Eaters can’t all be pure-blood, there aren’t enough pure-blood wizards left,” said Hermione stubbornly. 
“I expect most of them are half-bloods pretending to be pure. 
“My whole family are blood traitors! 
“We’d be best pals if they didn’t keep trying to do me in. 
“Thanks, Ginny It’s Dumbledore’s next lesson!” Harry told Ron and Hermione, pulling open the parchment and quickly reading its contents. 
“Monday evening!” He felt suddenly light and happy. 
“Want to join us in Hogsmeade, Ginny?” He asked. 
“I’m going with Dean — might see you there,” she replied, waving at them as she left. 
Filch was standing at the oak front doors as usual, checking off the names of people who had permission to go into Hogsmeade. 
The process took even longer than normal as Filch was triple-checking everybody with his Secrecy Sensor. 
“What does it matter if we’re smuggling Dark stuff OUT?” demanded Ron, eyeing the long thin Secrecy Sensor with apprehension. 
“Surely you ought to be checking what we bring back IN?” His cheek earned His a few extra jabs with the Sensor, and His was still wincing as they stepped out into the wind and sleet. 
The walk into Hogsmeade was not enjoyable. 
Harry wrapped Harry's scarf over Harry's lower face; the exposed part soon felt both raw and numb. 
The road to the village was full of students bent double against the bitter wind. 
More than once Harry wondered whether they might not have had a better time in the warm common room, and when they finally reached Hogsmeade and saw that Zonko’s Joke Shop had been boarded up, Harry took it as confirmation that this trip was not destined to be fun. 
Ron pointed, with a thickly gloved hand, toward Honeydukes, which was mercifully open, and Harry and Hermione staggered in his wake into the crowded shop. 
“Thank God,” shivered Ron as they were enveloped by warm, toffee-scented air. 
“Let’s stay here all afternoon.” “Harry, m’boy!” said a booming voice from behind them. 
“Oh no,” muttered Harry. 
The three of them turned to see Professor Slughorn, who was wearing an enormous furry hat and an overcoat with matching fur collar, clutching a large bag of crystalized pineapple, and occupying at least a quarter of the shop. 
“Harry, that’s three of my little suppers you’ve missed now!” said Slughorn, poking Harry genially in the chest. 
“It won’t do, m’boy, I’m determined to have you! 
“Well, I’ve had Quidditch practice, Professor,” said Harry, who had indeed been scheduling practices every time Slughorn had sent him a little, violet ribbon-adorned invitation. 
This strategy meant that Ron was not left out, and they usually had a laugh with Ginny, imagining Hermione shut up with McLaggen and Zabini. 
“Well, I certainly expect you to win your first match after all this hard work!” said Slughorn. 
“But a little recreation never hurt anybody. 
“Ah, well you can’t evade me forever, Harry!” And with a regal wave, he waddled out of the shop, taking as little notice of Ron as though he had been a display of Cockroach Clusters. 
“I can’t believe you’ve wriggled out of another one,” said Hermione, shaking Hermione's head. 
“They’re not that bad, you know. 
“Oh, look — They’ve got deluxe sugar quills — those would last hours!” Glad that Hermione had changed the subject, Harry showed much more interest in the new extra-large sugar quills than Harry would normally have done, but Ron continued to look moody and merely shrugged when Hermione asked Harry where Harry wanted to go next. 
“Let’s go to the Three Broomsticks,” said Harry. 
“It’ll be warm.” They bundled They's scarves back over They's faces and left the sweetshop. 
The bitter wind was like knives on their faces after the sugary warmth of Honeydukes. 
The street was not very busy; nobody was lingering to chat, just hurrying toward their destinations. 
The exceptions were two men a little ahead of two men, standing just outside the Three Broomsticks. 
One was very tall and thin; squinting through his rain-washed glasses Harry recognized the barman who worked in the other Hogsmeade pub, the Hog’s Head. 
As Harry, Ron, and Hermione drew closer, the barman drew his cloak more tightly around his neck and walked away, leaving the shorter man to fumble with something in his arms. 
They were barely feet from him when Harry realized who the shorter man was. 
“Mundungus!” The squat, bandy-legged man with long, straggly, ginger hair jumped and dropped an ancient suitcase, which burst open, releasing what looked like the entire contents of a junk shop window. 
“Oh, ’ello, ’Arry,” said Mundungus Fletcher, with a most unconvincing stab at airiness. 
“Well, don’t let me keep ya.” And he began scrabbling on the ground to retrieve the contents of his suitcase with every appearance of a man eager to be gone. 
“Are you selling this stuff?” asked Harry, watching Mundungus grab an assortment of grubby-looking objects from the ground. 
“Oh, well, gotta scrape a living,” said Mundungus. 
“Gimme that!” Ron had stooped down and picked up something silver. 
“Hang on,” Ron said slowly. 
“This looks familiar — ” “Thank you!” said Mundungus, snatching the goblet out of Ron’s hand and stuffing the goblet back into the case. 
“Well, I’ll see you all — OUCH!” Harry had pinned Mundungus against the wall of the pub by the throat. 
Holding Harry fast with one hand, Harry pulled out Harry's wand. 
“Harry!” squealed Hermione. 
“You took that from Sirius’s house,” said Harry, who was almost nose to nose with Mundungus and was breathing in an unpleasant smell of old tobacco and spirits. 
“That had the Black family crest on it.” “I — no — what — ?” spluttered Mundungus, who was slowly turning purple. 
“What did you do, go back the night he died and strip the place?” snarled Harry. 
“I — no — ” “Give it to me!” “Harry, you mustn’t!” shrieked Hermione, as Mundungus started to turn blue. 
There was a bang, and Harry felt Harry's hands fly off Mundungus’s throat. 
Gasping and spluttering, Mundungus seized his fallen case, then — CRACK — he Disapparated. 
Harry swore at the top of Harry's voice, spinning on the spot to see where Mundungus had gone. 
“There’s no point, Harry.” Tonks had appeared out of nowhere, Tonks's mousy hair wet with sleet. 
“Mundungus will probably be in London by now. 
“You should get out of the cold.” She watched them go through the door of the Three Broomsticks. 
The moment he was inside, Harry burst out, “Harry was nicking Sirius’s stuff.” “I know, Harry, but please don’t shout, people are staring,” whispered Hermione. 
“Go and sit down, I’ll get you a drink.” Harry was still fuming when Hermione returned to their table a few minutes later holding three bottles of butterbeer. 
“Can’t the Order control Mundungus?” Harry demanded of the other two in a furious whisper. 
“Can’t they at least stop Harry stealing everything that’s not fixed down when Harry’s at headquarters?” “Shh!” said Hermione desperately, looking around to make sure nobody was listening; there were a couple of warlocks sitting close by who were staring at Harry with great interest, and Zabini was lolling against a pillar not far away. 
“Harry, I’d be annoyed too, I know it’s your things Harry’s stealing — ” Harry gagged on his butterbeer; he had momentarily forgotten that he owned number twelve, Grimmauld Place. 
“Yeah, it’s my stuff!” he said. 
“No wonder he wasn’t pleased to see me! 
“Ron, what are you staring at?” “Nothing,” said Ron, hastily looking away from the bar, but Harry knew Harry was trying to catch the eye of the curvy and attractive barmaid, Madam Rosmerta, for whom he had long nursed a soft spot. 
“I expect ‘nothing’s’ in the back getting more firewhisky,” said Hermione waspishly. 
Ron ignored this jibe, sipping his drink in what his evidently considered to be a dignified silence. 
Harry was thinking about Sirius, and how Harry had hated those silver goblets anyway. 
Hermione drummed Hermione's fingers on the table, Hermione's eyes flickering between Ron and the bar. 
The moment Harry drained the last drops in Harry's bottle she said, “Shall we call it a day and go back to school, then?” The other two nodded; it had not been a fun trip and the weather was getting worse the longer they stayed. 
Once again they drew their cloaks tightly around they, rearranged their scarves, pulled on their gloves, then followed Katie Bell and a friend out of the pub and back up the High Street. 
Harry’s thoughts strayed to Ginny as they trudged up the road to Hogwarts through the frozen slush. 
They had not met up with her, undoubtedly, thought Harry, because her and Dean were cozily closeted in Madam Puddifoot’s Tea Shop, that haunt of happy couples. 
Scowling, he bowed his head against the swirling sleet and trudged on. 
It was a little while before Harry became aware that the voices of Katie Bell and her friend, which were being carried back to Harry on the wind, had become shriller and louder. 
Harry squinted at their indistinct figures. 
The two girls were having an argument about something Katie was holding in Katie's hand. 
“It’s nothing to do with you, Leanne!” Harry heard Katie say. 
They rounded a corner in the lane, sleet coming thick and fast, blurring Harry’s glasses. 
Just as Harry raised a gloved hand to wipe them, Leanne made to grab hold of the package Katie was holding; Katie tugged it back and the package Katie was holding fell to the ground. 
At once, Katie rose into the air, not as Ron had done, suspended comically by the ankle, but gracefully, Katie's arms outstretched, as though Katie was about to fly. 
Yet there was something wrong, something eerie. 
Her hair was whipped around Her's by the fierce wind, but Her's eyes were closed and Her's face was quite empty of expression. 
Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Leanne had all halted in their tracks, watching. 
Then, six feet above the ground, Katie let out a terrible scream. 
Katie eyes flew open but whatever Katie could see, or whatever Katie was feeling, was clearly causing Katie's terrible anguish. 
Katie screamed and screamed; Leanne started to scream too and seized Katie’s ankles, trying to tug Katie's back to the ground. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione rushed forward to help, but even as they grabbed Katie’s legs, Katie fell on top of them; Harry and Ron managed to catch Katie's but Katie was writhing so much they could hardly hold Katie. 
Instead they lowered Katie's to the ground where Katie thrashed and screamed, apparently unable to recognize any of they. 
Harry looked around; the landscape seemed deserted. 
“Stay there!” there! 
“I’m going for help!” He began to sprint toward the school; He had never seen anyone behave as Katie had just behaved and could not think what had caused it; He hurtled around a bend in the lane and collided with what seemed to be an enormous bear on its hind legs. 
“Hagrid!” he panted, disentangling he from the hedgerow into which he had fallen. 
“Harry!” said Hagrid, who had sleet trapped in his eyebrows and beard, and was wearing his great, shaggy beaverskin coat. 
“Jus’ bin visitin’ Grawp, he’s cornin’ on so well yeh wouldn’ — ” “Hagrid, someone’s hurt back there, or cursed, or something — ” “Wha?” said Hagrid, bending lower to hear what Harry was saying over the raging wind. 
“Someone’s been cursed!” bellowed Harry. 
“Cursed? 
It took them no time to find the little group of people around Katie, who was still writhing and screaming on the ground; Ron, Hermione, and Leanne were all trying to quiet her. 
“Get back!” shouted Hagrid. 
“Lemme see her!” “Something’s happened to her!” sobbed Leanne. 
“I don’t know what — ” Hagrid stared at Katie for a second, then without a word, bent down, scooped Katie's into his arms, and ran off toward the castle with Katie. 
Within seconds, Katie’s piercing screams had died away and the only sound was the roar of the wind. 
Hermione hurried over to Katie’s wailing friend and put an arm around Hermione. 
“It’s Leanne, isn’t it?” The girl nodded. 
“Did it just happen all of a sudden, or — ?” “It was when that package tore,” sobbed Leanne, pointing at the now sodden brown-paper package on the ground, which had split open to reveal a greenish glitter. 
Ron bent down, his hand outstretched, but Harry seized his arm and pulled him back. 
“Don’t touch if!” He crouched down. 
An ornate opal necklace was visible, poking out of the paper. 
“I’ve seen that before,” said Harry, staring at the thing. 
“It was on display in Borgin and Burkes ages ago. 
“How did Katie get hold of this?” “Well, that’s why we were arguing. 
Hermione patted Hermione's shoulder gently. 
“Hermione didn’t say who’d given it to Hermione, Leanne?” “No Leanne wouldn’t tell me and I said No Leanne was being stupid and not to take it up to school, but No Leanne just wouldn’t listen and and then I tried to grab it from No Leanne's and — and — ” No Leanne let out a wail of despair. 
“We’d better get up to school,” said Hermione, No Leanne's arm still around No Leanne. 
“We’ll be able to find out how she is. 
“Well need to show this to Madam Pomfrey,” he said. 
As they followed Hermione and Leanne up the road, Harry was thinking furiously. 
They had just entered the grounds when Harry spoke, unable to keep Harry's thoughts to Harry any longer. 
“Malfoy knows about this necklace. 
“Loads of people go to Borgin and Burkes and didn’t that girl say Katie got it in the girls’ bathroom?” “She said She came back from the bathroom with it, She didn’t necessarily get it in the bathroom itself — ” “McGonagall!” said Ron warningly. 
Harry looked up. 
Sure enough, Professor McGonagall was hurrying down the stone steps through swirling sleet to meet them. 
“Hagrid says you four saw what happened to Katie Bell — upstairs to my office at once, please! 
“Good lord,” said Professor McGonagall, looking alarmed as she took the necklace from Harry. 
“No, no, Filch, they’re with me!” she added hastily, as Filch came shuffling eagerly across the entrance hall holding his Secrecy Sensor aloft. 
“Take this necklace to Professor Snape at once, but be sure not to touch this necklace, keep this necklace wrapped in the scarf!” Harry and the others followed Professor McGonagall upstairs and into her office. 
The sleet-spattered windows were rattling in their frames, and the room was chilly despite the fire crackling in the grate. 
Professor McGonagall closed the door and swept around her desk to face Harry, Ron, Hermione, and the still sobbing Leanne. 
“Well?” she said sharply. 
“What happened?” Haltingly, and with many pauses while happened? 
At this point, Leanne was so overcome, there was no getting another word out of Leanne. 
“All right,” said Professor McGonagall, not unkindly, “go up to the hospital wing, please, Leanne, and get Madam Pomfrey to give you something for shock.” When Leanne had left the room, Professor McGonagall turned back to Harry, Ron, and Hermione. 
“What happened when Katie touched the necklace?” “Katie rose up in the air,” said Harry, before either Ron or Hermione could speak, “and then began to scream, and collapsed. 
“Away?” Harry repeated angrily. 
“Yes, Potter, away!” said Professor McGonagall tartly. 
“But anything you have to say about this horrible business can be said to Professor McGonagall, I’m sure!” For a split second, Harry hesitated. 
Professor McGonagall did not invite confidences; Dumbledore, though in many ways more intimidating, still seemed less likely to scorn a theory, however wild. 
This was a life-and-death matter, though, and no moment to worry about being laughed at. 
“I think Draco Malfoy gave Katie that necklace, Professor.” On one side of him, Ron rubbed his nose in apparent embarrassment; on the other, Hermione shuffled Hermione's feet as though quite keen to put a bit of distance between Hermione and Harry. 
“That is a very serious accusation, Potter,” said Professor McGonagall, after a shocked pause. 
“Do you have any proof?” “No,” said Harry, “but ” and Harry told her about following Malfoy to Borgin and Burkes and the conversation they had overheard between him and Mister Borgin. 
When he had finished speaking, Professor McGonagall looked slightly confused. 
“Malfoy took something to Borgin and Burkes for repair?” “No, Professor, he just wanted Borgin to tell he how to mend something, he didn’t have it with he. 
“What he actually said was, ‘How would I look carrying that down the street?’ ” said Hermione. 
“Well, he would look a bit of a prat carrying a necklace,” interjected Ron. 
“Oh, Ron,” said Hermione despairingly, “it would be all wrapped up, so he wouldn’t have to touch it, and quite easy to hide inside a cloak, so nobody would see it! 
“Potter, I appreciate you telling me this, but we cannot point the finger of blame at Mister Malfoy purely because Mister Malfoy visited the shop where this necklace might have been purchased. 
“ — and in any case, we have put stringent security measures in place this year. 
“How do you know, Professor?” “Because he was doing detention with me. 
They had no choice but to file past her without another word. 
Harry was angry with the other two for siding with McGonagall; nevertheless, Harry felt compelled to join in once they started discussing what had happened. 
“So who do you reckon Katie was supposed to give the necklace to?” asked Ron, as they climbed the stairs to the common room. 
“Goodness only knows,” said Hermione. 
“But whoever it was has had a narrow escape. 
“Dumbledore — the Death Eaters would love to get rid of Dumbledore, Dumbledore must be one of their top targets. 
“Couldn’t have been,” said Harry, “or Katie would’ve just turned around in the lane and given it to me, wouldn’t she? 
“He must have used an accomplice, then,” said Harry. 
“Crabbe or Goyle — or, come to think of it, another Death Eater, he’ll have loads better cronies than Crabbe and Goyle now he’s joined up — ” Ron and Hermione exchanged looks that plainly said There’s no point arguing with him. 
“Dilligrout,” said Hermione firmly as they reached the Fat Lady. 
The portrait swung open to admit them to the common room. 
It was quite full and smelled of damp clothing; many people seemed to have returned from Hogsmeade early because of the bad weather. 
There was no buzz of fear or speculation, however: Clearly, the news of Katie’s fate had not yet spread. 
“It wasn’t a very slick attack, really, when you stop and think about it,” said Ron, casually turfing a first year out of one of the good armchairs by the fire so that he could sit down. 
“The curse didn’t even make it into the castle. 
“It wasn’t very well thought-out at all.” “But since when has Malfoy been one of the world’s great thinkers?” asked Harry. 
Neither Ron nor Hermione answered him. 
Katie was removed to St. Mungo’s Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries the following day, by which time the news that Katie had been cursed had spread all over the school, though the details were confused and nobody other than Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Leanne seemed to know that Katie herself had not been the intended target. 
“Oh, and Malfoy knows, of course,” said Harry to Ron and Hermione, who continued their new policy of feigning deafness whenever Harry mentioned his Malfoy-Is-a-Death-Eater theory. 
Harry had wondered whether Dumbledore would return from wherever Harry had been in time for Monday night’s lesson, but having had no word to the contrary, Harry presented Harry outside Dumbledore ’s office at eight o’clock, knocked, and was told to enter. 
There sat Dumbledore looking unusually tired; Dumbledore's hand was as black and burned as ever, but Dumbledore smiled when Dumbledore gestured to Harry to sit down. 
The Pensieve was sitting on the desk again, casting silvery specks of light over the ceiling. 
“You have had a busy time while I have been away,” Dumbledore said. 
“I believe you witnessed Katie’s accident.” “Yes, sir. 
“Why not Madam Pomfrey?” “Impertinent,” said a soft voice from one of the portraits on the wall, and Phineas Nigellus Black, Sirius’s great-great-grandfather, raised his head from his arms where he had appeared to be sleeping. 
“I would not have permitted a student to question the way Hogwarts operated in my day.” “Yes, thank you, Phineas,” said Dumbledore quellingly. 
“Professor Snape knows much more about the Dark Arts than Madam Pomfrey, Harry. 
“I would rather not say just now,” said Dumbledore. 
“However, I shall tell you in due course.” “You will?” said Harry, startled. 
“Yes, I expect so,” said Dumbledore, withdrawing a fresh bottle of silver memories from inside Dumbledore's robes and uncorking it with a prod of his wand. 
“Sir,” said Harry tentatively, “I met Mundungus in Hogsmeade.” “Ah yes, I am already aware that Mundungus has been treating your inheritance with light-fingered contempt,” said Dumbledore, frowning a little. 
“He has gone to ground since you accosted He outside the Three Broomsticks; I rather think He dreads facing me. 
“Professor,” said Harry, after a short pause, “did Professor McGonagall tell you what I told Professor McGonagall's after Katie got hurt? 
“And do you — ?” “I shall take all appropriate measures to investigate anyone who might have had a hand in Katie’s accident,” said Dumbledore. 
“But what concerns me now, Harry, is our lesson.” Harry felt slightly resentful at this: If their lessons were so very important, why had there been such a long gap between the first and second? 
However, Harry said no more about Draco Malfoy, but watched as Dumbledore poured the fresh memories into the Pensieve and began swirling the stone basin once more between Dumbledore's long-fingered hands. 
“You will remember, I am sure, that we left the tale of Lord Voldemort’s beginnings at the point where the handsome Muggle, Tom Riddle, had abandoned his witch wife, Merope, and returned to his family home in Little Hangleton. 
Up out of the swirling, silvery mass rose a little old man revolving slowly in the Pensieve, silver as a ghost but much more solid, with a thatch of hair that completely covered his eyes. 
“Yes, we acquired it in curious circumstances. 
“He only gave her ten Galleons?” said Harry indignantly. 
“Caractacus Burke was not famed for Caractacus Burke's generosity,” said Dumbledore. 
“So we know that, near the end of her pregnancy, Merope was alone in London and in desperate need of gold, desperate enough to sell her one and only valuable possession, the locket that was one of Marvolo’s treasured family heirlooms.” “But she could do magic!” said Harry impatiently. 
“she could have got food and everything for she by magic, couldn’t she?” “Ah,” said Dumbledore, “perhaps she could. 
“Could you possibly be feeling sorry for Lord Voldemort?” “No,” said Harry quickly, “but she had a choice, didn’t she, not like my mother — ” “Your mother had a choice too,” said Dumbledore gently. 
“Yes, Merope Riddle chose death in spite of a son who needed she, but do not judge shis too harshly, Harry. 
“This time,” said Dumbledore, “we are going to enter my memory. 
Seconds later, his feet hit firm ground; his opened his eyes and found that his and Dumbledore were standing in a bustling, old- fashioned London street. 
“There I am,” said Dumbledore brightly, pointing ahead of them to a tall figure crossing the road in front of a horse-drawn milk cart. 
This younger Albus Dumbledore ’s long hair and beard were auburn. 
Having reached This younger Albus Dumbledore ’s long hair and beard's side of the street, he strode off along the pavement, drawing many curious glances due to the flamboyantly cut suit of plum velvet that he was wearing. 
“Nice suit, sir,” said Harry, before Harry could stop Harry, but Dumbledore merely chuckled as they followed Harry's younger self a short distance, finally passing through a set of iron gates into a bare courtyard that fronted a rather grim, square building surrounded by high railings. 
He mounted the few steps leading to the front door and knocked once. 
After a moment or two, the front door was opened by a scruffy girl wearing an apron. 
“Good afternoon. 
“Um just a mo’ MRS. COLE!” she bellowed over her shoulder. 
Harry heard a distant voice shouting something in response. 
The girl turned back to Dumbledore. 
“Come in, The girl’s on ’er way.” Dumbledore stepped into a hallway tiled in black and white; the whole place was shabby but spotlessly clean. 
Harry and the older Dumbledore followed. 
Before the front door had closed behind them, a skinny, harassed-looking woman came scurrying toward them. 
She had a sharp-featured face that appeared more anxious than unkind, and She was talking over Shis shoulder to another aproned helper as She walked toward Dumbledore. " 
and take the iodine upstairs to Martha, Billy Stubbs has been picking Billy Stubbs's scabs and Eric Whalley’s oozing all over Eric Whalley's sheets — chicken pox on top of everything else,” she said to nobody in particular, and then shis eyes fell upon Dumbledore and she stopped dead in shis tracks, looking as astonished as if a giraffe had just crossed shis threshold. 
“Good afternoon,” said Dumbledore, holding out Dumbledore's hand. 
Mistress Cole simply gaped. 
“My name is Albus Dumbledore. 
Apparently deciding that Albus Dumbledore was not a hallucination, she said feebly, “Oh yes. 
It was as shabby as the hallway and the furniture was old and mismatched. 
She invited Dumbledore to sit on a rickety chair and seated She behind a cluttered desk, eyeing Dumbledore nervously. 
“I am here, as I told you in my letter, to discuss Tom Riddle and arrangements for his future,” said Dumbledore. 
“Are you family?” asked Mistress Cole. 
“No, I am a teacher,” said Dumbledore. 
“I have come to offer Tom a place at my school.” “What school’s this, then?” “It is called Hogwarts,” said Dumbledore. 
“And how come you’re interested in Tom?” “We believe he has qualities We are looking for.” “You mean he’s won a scholarship? 
Apparently Dumbledore thought so too, for Harry now saw Harry slip Harry's wand out of the pocket of Harry's velvet suit, at the same time picking up a piece of perfectly blank paper from Mistress Cole’s desktop. 
“Here,” said Dumbledore, waving his wand once as he passed her the piece of paper, “I think this will make everything clear.” Mistress Cole’s eyes slid out of focus and back again as she gazed intently at the blank paper for a moment. 
“That seems perfectly in order,” she said placidly, handing it back. 
Then shis eyes fell upon a bottle of gin and two glasses that had certainly not been present a few seconds before. 
“Er — may I offer you a glass of gin?” she said in an extra-refined voice. 
“Thank you very much,” said Dumbledore, beaming. 
It soon became clear that Mistress Cole was no novice when it came to gin drinking. 
Pouring both of them a generous measure, Mistress Cole drained Mistress Cole's own glass in one gulp. 
Smacking her lips frankly, her smiled at Dumbledore for the first time, and Dumbledore didn’t hesitate to press Dumbledore's advantage. 
“I was wondering whether you could tell me anything of Tom Riddle’s history? 
“I remember it clear as anything, because I’d just started here myself. 
“Did she say anything before she died?” asked Dumbledore. 
“Anything about the boy’s father, for instance?” “Now, as it happens, she did,” said Mistress Cole, who seemed to be rather enjoying she now, with the gin in her hand and an eager audience for shis story. 
“I remember she said to me, ‘I hope he looks like his papa,’ and I won’t lie, she was right to hope it, because she was no beauty — and then she told me he was to be named Tom, for his father, and Marvolo, for shis father — yes, I know, funny name, isn’t it? 
Two pink spots had appeared high on her cheekbones. 
Then her said, “He’s a funny boy.” “Yes,” said Dumbledore. 
“I thought He might be.” “He was a funny baby too. 
“Well, He — ” But Mistress Cole pulled up short, and there was nothing blurry or vague about the inquisitorial glance Mistress Cole shot Dumbledore over Mistress Cole's gin glass. 
“He’s definitely got a place at your school, you say?” “Definitely,” said Dumbledore. 
“And nothing I say can change that?” “Nothing,” said Dumbledore. 
“You’ll be taking Dumbledore away, whatever?” “Whatever,” repeated Dumbledore gravely. 
She squinted at Dumbledore as though deciding whether or not to trust Dumbledore. 
Apparently She decided She could, because She said in a sudden rush, “He scares the other children.” “You mean He is a bully?” asked Dumbledore. 
“I think He must be,” said Mistress Cole, frowning slightly, “but it’s very hard to catch He at it. 
She took yet another gulp of gin and Shis rosy cheeks grew rosier still. 
“Billy Stubbs’s rabbit well, Tom said Tom didn’t do it and I don’t see how Tom could have done, but even so, it didn’t hang it from the rafters, did it?” “I shouldn’t think so, no,” said Dumbledore quietly. 
“But I’m jiggered if I know how Tom got up there to do it. 
“I don’t think many people will be sorry to see the back of him.” “You understand, I’m sure, that we will not be keeping him permanently?” said Dumbledore. 
“him will have to return here, at the very least, every summer.” “Oh, well, that’s better than a whack on the nose with a rusty poker,” said Mistress Cole with a slight hiccup. 
Mistress Cole got to Mistress Cole's feet, and Harry was impressed to see that Mistress Cole was quite steady, even though two-thirds of the gin was now gone. 
“I suppose you’d like to see him?” “Very much,” said Dumbledore, rising too. 
She led him out of Shis office and up the stone stairs, calling out instructions and admonitions to helpers and children as She passed. 
The orphans, Harry saw, were all wearing the same kind of grayish tunic. 
The orphans looked reasonably well-cared for, but there was no denying that this was a grim place in which to grow up. 
“Here we are,” said Mistress Cole, as they turned off the second landing and stopped outside the first door in a long corridor. 
Mistress Cole knocked twice and entered. 
“Tom? 
It was a small bare room with nothing in it except an old wardrobe, a wooden chair, and an iron bedstead. 
A boy was sitting on top of the gray blankets, A boy's legs stretched out in front of A boy, holding a book. 
There was no trace of the Gaunts in Tom Riddle’s face. 
Merope had got her dying wish: Merope was Merope's handsome father in miniature, tall for eleven years old, dark-haired, and pale. 
His eyes narrowed slightly as His took in Dumbledore’s eccentric appearance. 
There was a moment’s silence. 
“How do you do, Tom?” said Dumbledore, walking forward and holding out Tom?”'s hand. 
The boy hesitated, then took it, and they shook hands. 
Dumbledore drew up the hard wooden chair beside Riddle, so that the pair of them looked rather like a hospital patient and visitor. 
“I am Professor Dumbledore.” “ ‘Professor?” repeated Riddle. 
He looked wary. 
“Is that like ‘doctor? 
“No, no,” said Dumbledore, smiling. 
“I don’t believe you,” said Riddle. 
“She wants me looked at, doesn’t She? 
It was a command, and it sounded as though he had given it many times before. 
he eyes had widened and he was glaring at Dumbledore, who made no response except to continue smiling pleasantly. 
After a few seconds Riddle stopped glaring, though he looked, if anything, warier still. 
“Who are you?” “I have told you. 
He leapt from the bed and backed away from Dumbledore, looking furious. 
“You can’t kid me! 
“I am a teacher and, if you will sit down calmly, I shall tell you about Hogwarts. 
“Hogwarts,” Dumbledore went on, as though he had not heard Riddle’s last words, “is a school for people with special abilities — ” “I’m not mad!” “I know that you are not mad. 
Riddle had frozen, Riddle's face expressionless, but Riddle's eyes were flickering back and forth between each of Dumbledore’s, as though trying to catch one of them lying. 
“Magic?” he repeated in a whisper. 
“That’s right,” said Dumbledore. 
“It’s it’s magic, what I can do?” “What is it that you can do?” “All sorts,” breathed Riddle. 
A flush of excitement was rising up his neck into his hollow cheeks; his looked fevered. 
“I can make things move without touching them. 
He stumbled forward and sat down on the bed again, staring at He's hands, He's head bowed as though in prayer. 
“I knew I was different,” He whispered to He's own quivering fingers. 
“I knew I was special. 
“You are a wizard.” Riddle lifted his head. 
his face was transfigured: There was a wild happiness upon his face, yet for some reason his face did not make his better looking; on the contrary, his finely carved features seemed somehow rougher, his expression almost bestial. 
“Are you a wizard too?” “Yes, I am.” “Prove it,” said Riddle at once, in the same commanding tone he had used when he had said, “Tell the truth.” Dumbledore raised Dumbledore's eyebrows. 
“If, as I take it, you are accepting your place at Hogwarts — ” “Of course I am!” “Then you will address me as ‘Professor’ or ‘sir.’ ” Riddle’s expression hardened for the most fleeting moment before he said, in an unrecognizably polite voice, “I’m sorry, sir. 
To his great surprise, however, Dumbledore drew Dumbledore's wand from an inside pocket of Dumbledore's suit jacket, pointed it at the shabby wardrobe in the corner, and gave the wand a casual flick. 
The wardrobe burst into flames. 
Riddle jumped to his feet; Harry could hardly blame Harry for howling in shock and rage; all Harry's worldly possessions must be in there. 
But even as Riddle rounded on Dumbledore, the flames vanished, leaving the wardrobe completely undamaged. 
Riddle stared from the wardrobe to Dumbledore; then, Riddle's expression greedy, Riddle pointed at the wand. 
“Where can I get one of them?” “All in good time,” said Dumbledore. 
“I think there is something trying to get out of your wardrobe.” And sure enough, a faint rattling could be heard from inside it. 
For the first time, Riddle looked frightened. 
“Open the door,” said Dumbledore. 
Riddle hesitated, then crossed the room and threw open the wardrobe door. 
On the topmost shelf, above a rail of threadbare clothes, a small cardboard box was shaking and rattling as though there were several frantic mice trapped inside a small cardboard box. 
“Take it out,” said Dumbledore. 
Riddle took down the quaking box. 
Riddle looked unnerved. 
“Is there anything in that box that you ought not to have?” asked Dumbledore. 
Riddle threw Dumbledore a long, clear, calculating look. 
“Yes, I suppose so, sir,” he said finally, in an expressionless voice. 
“Open it,” said Dumbledore. 
Riddle took off the lid and tipped the contents onto Riddle's bed without looking at them. 
Harry, who had expected something much more exciting, saw a mess of small, everyday objects: a yo-yo, a silver thimble, and a tarnished mouth organ among them. 
Once free of the box, they stopped quivering and lay quite still upon the thin blankets. 
“You will return they to their owners with your apologies,” said Dumbledore calmly, putting Dumbledore's wand back into Dumbledore's jacket. 
“I shall know whether it has been done. 
At last he said in a colorless voice, “Yes, sir.” “At Hogwarts,” Dumbledore went on, “we teach you not only to use magic, but to control it. 
It was impossible to tell what he was thinking; his face remained quite blank as he put the little cache of stolen objects back into the cardboard box. 
When he had finished, he turned to Dumbledore and said baldly, “I haven’t got any money.” “That is easily remedied,” said Dumbledore, drawing a leather money-pouch from Dumbledore's pocket. 
“There is a fund at Hogwarts for those who require assistance to buy books and robes. 
“In Diagon Alley,” said Dumbledore. 
“I have your list of books and school equipment with me. 
“Certainly, if you — ” “I don’t need you,” said Riddle. 
“I’m used to doing things for myself, I go round London on my own all the time. 
Harry thought that Dumbledore would insist upon accompanying Riddle, but once again Harry was surprised. 
Dumbledore handed Riddle the envelope containing Dumbledore's list of equipment, and after telling Riddle exactly how to get to the Leaky Cauldron from the orphanage, Dumbledore said, “You will be able to see it, although Muggles around you — non-magical people, that is — will not. 
“You dislike the name Tom’?” “There are a lot of Toms,” muttered Riddle. 
Then, as though he could not suppress the question, as though it burst from him in spite of himself, himself asked, “Was my father a wizard? 
“My mother can’t have been magic, or she wouldn’t have died,” said Riddle, more to Riddle than Dumbledore. 
“It must’ve been him. 
“You will leave from King’s Cross Station on the first of September. 
Dumbledore got to Dumbledore's feet and held out Dumbledore's hand again. 
Taking it, Riddle said, “I can speak to snakes. 
“It is unusual,” said Dumbledore, after a moment’s hesitation, “but not unheard of.” His tone was casual but His's eyes moved curiously over Riddle’s face. 
They stood for a moment, man and boy, staring at each other. 
Then the handshake was broken; Dumbledore was at the door. 
“Good-bye, Tom. 
“Sit down,” said Dumbledore, landing beside Harry. 
Harry obeyed, Harry's mind still full of what Harry had just seen. 
“Harry believed it much quicker than I did — I mean, when you told Harry was a wizard,” said Harry. 
“I didn’t believe Hagrid at first, when Harry told me.” “Yes, Riddle was perfectly ready to believe that he was — to use his word — ‘special,’ ” said Dumbledore. 
“Did you know — then?” asked Harry. 
“Did I know that I had just met the most dangerous Dark wizard of all time?” said Dumbledore. 
“No, I had no idea that he was to grow up to be what he is. 
“Yes, indeed; a rare ability, and one supposedly connected with the Dark Arts, although as we know, there are Parselmouths among the great and the good too. 
“But before we part, I want to draw your attention to certain features of the scene we have just witnessed, for they have a great bearing on the matters we shall be discussing in future meetings. 
“There he showed his contempt for anything that tied he to other people, anything that made he ordinary. 
As he walked across the room, his eyes fell upon the little table on which Marvolo Gaunt’s ring had rested last time, but the ring was no longer there. 
“Yes, Harry?” said Dumbledore, for Harry had come to a halt. 
“The ring’s gone,” said Harry, looking around. 
“But I thought you might have the mouth organ or something.” Dumbledore beamed at Dumbledore, peering over the top of Dumbledore's half-moon spectacles. 
“Very astute, Harry, but the mouth organ was only ever a mouth organ.” And on that enigmatic note he waved to Harry, who understood himself to be dismissed. 
Harry had Herbology first thing the following morning. 
Harry had been unable to tell Ron and Hermione about Harry's lesson with Dumbledore over breakfast for fear of being overheard, but Harry filled them in as them walked across the vegetable patch toward the greenhouses. 
The weekend’s brutal wind had died out at last; the weird mist had returned and it took them a little longer than usual to find the correct greenhouse. 
“Wow, scary thought, the boy Voldemort,” said Ron quietly, as they took their places around one of the gnarled Snargaluff stumps that formed this term’s project, and began pulling on their protective gloves. 
“But I still don’t get why Dumbledore’s showing you all this. 
“But Dumbledore says it’s all important and it’ll help me survive.” “I think it’s fascinating,” said Hermione earnestly. 
“It makes absolute sense to know as much about Voldemort as possible. 
“Oh, it was quite fun, really,” said Hermione, now putting on protective goggles. 
“I mean, he drones on about famous ex-pupils a bit, and he absolutely fawns on McLaggen because he’s so well-connected, but he gave us some really nice food and he introduced us to Gwenog Jones.” “Gwenog Jones?” said Ron, his eyes widening under his own goggles. 
“Gwenog Jones? 
“Personally, I thought she was a bit full of she, but — ” “Quite enough chat over here!” said Professor Sprout briskly, bustling over and looking stern. 
“You’re lagging behind, everybody else has started, and Neville’s already got Neville’s's first pod!” They looked around; sure enough, there sat Neville with a bloody lip and several nasty scratches along the side of Neville's face, but clutching an unpleasantly pulsating green object about the size of a grapefruit. 
“Okay, Professor, we’re starting now!” said Ron, adding quietly, when she had turned away again, “should’ve used Muffliato, Harry.” “No, we shouldn’t!” said Hermione at once, looking, as Hermione always did, intensely cross at the thought of the Half-Blood Prince and his spells. 
“Well, come on we’d better get going. 
It sprang to life at once; long, prickly, bramblelike vines flew out of the top and whipped through the air. 
One tangled itself in Hermione’s hair, and Ron beat it back with a pair of secateurs; Harry succeeded in trapping a couple of vines and knotting them together; a hole opened in the middle of all the tentaclelike branches; Hermione plunged Hermione's arm bravely into this hole, which closed like a trap around her elbow; Harry and Ron tugged and wrenched at the vines, forcing the hole to open again, and Hermione snatched her arm free, clutching in her fingers a pod just like Neville’s. 
At once, the prickly vines shot back inside, and the gnarled stump sat there looking like an innocently dead lump of wood. 
“You know, I don’t think I’ll be having any of these in my garden when I’ve got my own place,” said Ron, pushing his goggles up onto his forehead and wiping sweat from his face. 
“Pass me a bowl,” said Hermione, holding the pulsating pod at arm’s length; Harry handed one over and Hermione dropped the pulsating pod into it with a look of disgust on Hermione's face. 
“Don’t be squeamish, squeeze it out, they’re best when they’re fresh!” called Professor Sprout. 
“Anyway,” said Hermione, continuing their interrupted conversation as though a lump of wood had not just attacked them, “Slughorn’s going to have a Christmas party, Harry, and there’s no way you’ll be able to wriggle out of this one because he actually asked me to check your free evenings, so he could be sure to have it on a night you can come.” Harry groaned. 
Meanwhile, Ron, who was attempting to burst the pod in the bowl by putting both hands on it, standing up, and squashing it as hard as he could, said angrily, “And this is another party just for Slughorn’s favorites, is it?” “Just for the Slug Club, yes,” said Hermione. 
The pod flew out from under Ron’s fingers and hit the greenhouse glass, rebounding onto the back of Professor Sprout’s head and knocking off her old, patched hat. 
Harry went to retrieve The pod; when Harry got back, Hermione was saying, “Look, ! 
“It’s pathetic. 
Unnoticed by either, he seized the bowl that contained the pod and began to try and open the pod by the noisiest and most energetic means he could think of; unfortunately, he could still hear every word of their conversation. 
“You were going to ask me?” asked Ron, in a completely different voice. 
“Yes,” said Hermione angrily. 
“But obviously if you’d rather I hooked up with McLaggen ” There was a pause while Harry continued to pound the resilient pod with a trowel. 
“No, I wouldn’t,” said Ron, in a very quiet voice. 
Harry missed the pod, hit the bowl, and shattered the pod. 
“Reparo,” Harry said hastily, poking the pieces with Harry's wand, and the bowl sprang back together again. 
The crash, however, appeared to have awoken Ron and Hermione to Harry’s presence. 
Hermione looked flustered and immediately started fussing about for Hermione's copy of Flesh-Eating Trees of the World to find out the correct way to juice Snargaluff pods; Ron, on the other hand, looked sheepish but also rather pleased with himself. 
“Hand that over, Harry,” said Hermione hurriedly. 
“It says we’re supposed to puncture them with something sharp. 
It was not as though he was really surprised, thought Harry, as Harry wrestled with a thorny vine intent upon throttling Harry; Harry had had an inkling that this might happen sooner or later. 
But Harry was not sure how Harry felt about it. 
Harry and Cho were now too embarrassed to look at each other, let alone talk to each other; what if Ron and Hermione started going out together, then split up? 
Could Harry and Cho's friendship survive it? 
Harry remembered the few weeks when they had not been talking to each other in the third year; Harry had not enjoyed trying to bridge the distance between they. 
And then, what if they didn’t split up? 
What if they became like Bill and Fleur, and it became excruciatingly embarrassing to be in their presence, so that he was shut out for good? 
“Gotcha!” yelled Ron, pulling a second pod from the stump just as Hermione managed to burst the first one open, so that the bowl was full of tubers wriggling like pale green worms. 
The rest of the lesson passed without further mention of Slughorn’s party. 
Although Harry watched Harry's two friends more closely over the next few days, Ron and Hermione did not seem any different except that they were a little politer to each other than usual. 
Harry supposed Harry would just have to wait to see what happened under the influence of butterbeer in Slughorn’s dimly lit room on the night of the party. 
In the meantime, however, Harry had more pressing worries. 
Katie Bell was still in St. Mungo’s Hospital with no prospect of leaving, which meant that the promising Gryffindor team Harry had been training so carefully since September was one Chaser short. 
He kept putting off replacing Katie in the hope that Katie would return, but their opening match against Slytherin was looming, and He finally had to accept that she would not be back in time to play. 
Harry did not think Harry could stand another full- House tryout. 
With a sinking feeling that had little to do with Quidditch, Harry cornered Dean Thomas after Transfiguration one day. 
Most of the class had already left, although several twittering yellow birds were still zooming around the room, all of Hermione ’s creation; nobody else had succeeded in conjuring so much as a feather from thin air. 
“Are you still interested in playing Chaser?” “Wha — ? 
Over Dean’s shoulder, Harry saw Seamus Finnigan slamming Harry's books into Seamus Finnigan's bag, looking sour. 
One of the reasons why Harry would have preferred not to have to ask Dean to play was that Harry knew Seamus would not like it. 
On the other hand, Harry had to do what was best for the team, and Dean had outflown Seamus at the tryouts. 
“Well then, you’re in,” said Harry. 
“There’s a practice tonight, seven o’clock.” “Right,” said Dean. 
“Cheers, Harry! 
Seamus was not the only person disgruntled by the choice of Katie’s substitute. 
There was much muttering in the common room about the fact that Harry had now chosen two of Harry's classmates for the team. 
As Harry had endured much worse mutterings than this in Harry's school career, Harry was not particularly bothered, but all the same, the pressure was increasing to provide a win in the upcoming match against Slytherin. 
If Gryffindor won, Harry knew that the whole House would forget that they had criticized Harry and swear that they had always known it was a great team. 
If they lost well, Harry thought wryly, Harry had still endured worse mutterings. 
Harry had no reason to regret Harry's choice once Harry saw Dean fly that evening; Harry worked well with Ginny and Demelza. 
The Beaters, Peakes and Coote, were getting better all the time. 
The only problem was Ron. 
Harry had known all along that Ron was an inconsistent player who suffered from nerves and a lack of confidence, and unfortunately, the looming prospect of the opening game of the season seemed to have brought out all Harry's old insecurities. 
After letting in half a dozen goals, most of them scored by Ginny, his technique became wilder and wilder, until he finally punched an oncoming Demelza Robins in the mouth. 
“It was an accident, I’m sorry, Demelza, really sorry!” Ron shouted after her as her zigzagged back to the ground, dripping blood everywhere. 
“I just — ” “Panicked,” Ginny said angrily, landing next to Demelza and examining her fat lip. 
“You prat, Ron, look at the state of her!” “I can fix that,” said Harry, landing beside the two girls, pointing his wand at Demelza’s mouth, and saying “Episkey.” “And Ginny, don’t call Ron a prat, you’re not the Captain of this team — ” “Well, you seemed too busy to call him a prat and I thought someone should — ” Harry forced Harry not to laugh. 
“In the air, everyone, let’s go. 
“Good work, everyone, I think we’ll flatten Slytherin,” he said bracingly and the Chasers and Beaters left the changing room looking reasonably happy with themselves. 
“I played like a sack of dragon dung,” said Ron in a hollow voice when the door had swung shut behind Ginny. 
“No, you didn’t,” said Harry firmly. 
“You’re the best Keeper I tried out, Ron. 
When Harry pushed open the tapestry to take their usual shortcut up to Gryffindor Tower, however, their found their looking at Dean and Ginny, who were locked in a close embrace and kissing fiercely as though glued together. 
It was as though something large and scaly erupted into life in Harry’s stomach, clawing at Harry's insides: Hot blood seemed to flood Harry's brain, so that all thought was extinguished, replaced by a savage urge to jinx Dean into a jelly. 
Wrestling with this sudden madness, he heard Ron’s voice as though from a great distance away. 
“Oi!” Dean and Ginny broke apart and looked around. 
“What?” said Ginny. 
“I don’t want to find my own sister snogging people in public!” “This was a deserted corridor till you came butting in!” said Ginny. 
Dean was looking embarrassed. 
Dean gave Harry a shifty grin that Harry did not return, as the newborn monster inside Harry was roaring for Dean’s instant dismissal from the team. 
“Er c’mon, Ginny,” said Dean, “let’s go back to the common room. 
“I want a word with my dear brother!” Dean left, looking as though Dean was not sorry to depart the scene. 
“Right,” said Ginny, tossing her long red hair out of her face and glaring at Ron, “let’s get this straight once and for all. 
“D’you think I want people saying my sister’s a — ” “A what?” shouted Ginny, drawing Ginny's wand. 
“A what, exactly?” “He doesn’t mean anything, Ginny — ” said Harry automatically, though the monster was roaring its approval of Ron’s words. 
“Oh yes he does!” she said, flaring up at Harry. 
“Just because he’s never snogged anyone in his life, just because the best kiss he’s ever had is from our Auntie Muriel — ” “Shut your mouth!” bellowed Ron, bypassing red and turning maroon. 
“No, I will not!” yelled Ginny, beside Ginny. 
“I’ve seen you with Phlegm, hoping shell kiss you on the cheek every time you see her, the cheek’s pathetic! 
“You don’t know what you’re talking about!” Ron roared, trying to get a clear shot at Ginny around Harry, who was now standing in front of her with his arms outstretched. 
“Just because I don’t do it in public — !” Ginny screamed with derisive laughter, trying to push Harry out of the way. 
“Been kissing Pigwidgeon, have you? 
“Don’t be stupid — ” “Harry’s snogged Cho Chang!” shouted Ginny, who sounded close to tears now. 
“And Hermione snogged Viktor Krum, it’s only you who acts like it’s something disgusting, Ron, and that’s because you’ve got about as much experience as a twelve-year-old!” And with that, she stormed away. 
Harry quickly let go of Ron; the look on his face was murderous. 
They both stood there, breathing heavily, until Mistress Norris, Filch ’s cat, appeared around the corner, which broke the tension. 
“C’mon,” said Harry, as the sound of Filch ’s shuffling feet reached their ears. 
They hurried up the stairs and along a seventh-floor corridor. 
“Oi, out of the way!” Ron barked at a small girl who jumped in fright and dropped a bottle of toadspawn. 
Harry hardly noticed the sound of shattering glass; Harry felt disoriented, dizzy; being struck by a lightning bolt must be something like this. 
It’s just because she’s Ron’s sister, he told himself. 
You just didn’t like seeing shis kissing Dean because she’s Ron’s sister. 
But unbidden into his mind came an image of that same deserted corridor with himself kissing Ginny instead. 
The monster in his chest purred but then his saw Ron ripping open the tapestry curtain and drawing his wand on Harry, shouting things like “betrayal of trust” “supposed to be my friend” “D’you think Hermione did snog Krum?” Ron asked abruptly, as they approached the Fat Lady. 
Harry gave a guilty start and wrenched Harry's imagination away from a corridor in which no Ron intruded, in which Harry and Ginny were quite alone — “What?” Harry said confusedly. 
“Oh er ” The honest answer was “yes,” but Harry did not want to give it. 
However, Ron seemed to gather the worst from the look on Harry’s face. 
“Dilligrout,” he said darkly to the Fat Lady, and they climbed through the portrait hole into the common room. 
Neither of they mentioned Ginny or Hermione again; indeed, they barely spoke to each other that evening and got into bed in silence, each absorbed in his own thoughts. 
Harry lay awake for a long time, looking up at the canopy of Harry's four-poster and trying to convince Harry that Harry's feelings for Ginny were entirely elder- brotherly. 
They had lived, had They not, like brother and sister all summer, playing Quidditch, teasing Ron, and having a laugh about Bill and Phlegm? 
He had known Ginny for years now. 
It was natural that He should feel protective natural that He should want to look out for her want to rip Dean limb from limb for kissing her No he would have to control that particular brotherly feeling . 
Ron gave a great grunting snore. 
She’s Ron’s sister, Harry told himself firmly. 
Ron’s sister. 
She’s out-of-bounds. 
He would not risk He's friendship with Ron for anything. 
He punched He's pillow into a more comfortable shape and waited for sleep to come, trying He's utmost not to allow He's thoughts to stray anywhere near Ginny. 
Harry awoke next morning feeling slightly dazed and confused by a series of dreams in which Ron had chased him with a Beater’s bat, but by midday Harry would have happily exchanged the dream Ron for the real one, who was not only cold-shouldering Ginny and Dean, but also treating a hurt and bewildered Hermione with an icy, sneering indifference. 
What was more, Ron seemed to have become, overnight, as touchy and ready to lash out as the average Blast- Ended Skrewt. 
Harry spent the day attempting to keep the peace between Ron and Hermione with no success; finally, Hermione departed for bed in high dudgeon, and Ron stalked off to the boys’ dormitory after swearing angrily at several frightened first years for looking at him. 
To Harry’s dismay, Ron’s new aggression did not wear off over the next few days. 
Worse still, it coincided with an even deeper dip in his Keeping skills, which made him still more aggressive, so that during the final Quidditch practice before Saturday’s match, him failed to save every single goal the Chasers aimed at him, but bellowed at everybody so much that him reduced Demelza Robins to tears. 
“You shut up and leave her alone!” shouted Peakes, who was about two-thirds Ron’s height, though admittedly carrying a heavy bat. 
“ENOUGH!” bellowed Harry, who had seen Ginny glowering in Ron’s direction and, remembering her reputation as an accomplished caster of the Bat- Bogey Hex, soared over to intervene before things got out of hand. 
“Peakes, go and pack up the Bludgers. 
“You can save anything when you’re on form, it’s a mental problem you’ve got!” “You calling me mental?” “Yeah, maybe I am!” They glared at each other for a moment, then Ron shook his head wearily. 
“I know you haven’t got any time to find another Keeper, so I’ll play tomorrow, but if we lose, and we will, I’m taking myself off the team.” Nothing Harry said made any difference. 
Nothing Harry tried boosting Ron’s confidence all through dinner, but Ron was too busy being grumpy and surly with Hermione to notice. 
Harry persisted in the common room that evening, but Harry's assertion that the whole team would be devastated if Ron left was somewhat undermined by the fact that the rest of the team was sitting in a huddle in a distant corner, clearly muttering about Ron and casting Harry nasty looks. 
Finally Harry tried getting angry again in the hope of provoking Ron into a defiant, and hopefully goal-saving, attitude, but this strategy did not appear to work any better than encouragement; Ron went to bed as dejected and hopeless as ever. 
Harry lay awake for a very long time in the darkness. 
Harry did not want to lose the upcoming match; not only was it Harry's first as Captain, but Harry was determined to beat Draco Malfoy at Quidditch even if Harry could not yet prove Harry's suspicions about Harry. 
Yet if Ron played as he had done in the last few practices, their chances of winning were very slim. 
If only there was something he could do to make Ron pull himself together make him play at the top of himself's form something that would ensure that Ron had a really good day. 
And the answer came to Harry in one, sudden, glorious stroke of inspiration. 
Breakfast was the usual excitable affair next morning; the Slytherins hissed and booed loudly as every member of the Gryffindor team entered the Great Hall. 
Harry glanced at the ceiling and saw a clear, pale blue sky: a good omen. 
The Gryffindor table, a solid mass of red and gold, cheered as Harry and Ron approached. 
Harry grinned and waved; Ron grimaced weakly and shook Harry's head. 
“Cheer up, Ron!” called Lavender. 
“I know you’ll be brilliant!” Ron ignored her. 
“Tea?” Harry asked him. 
“Coffee? 
A few minutes later Hermione, who had become so tired of Ron’s recent unpleasant behavior that she had not come down to breakfast with them, paused on shis way up the table. 
“How are you both feeling?” she asked tentatively, shis eyes on the back of Ron’s head. 
“Fine,” said Harry, who was concentrating on handing Ron a glass of pumpkin juice. 
“There you go, Ron. 
“Don’t drink that, Ron!” Both Harry and Ron looked up at her. 
“Why not?” said Ron. 
Hermione was now staring at Harry as though Hermione could not believe Hermione's eyes. 
“You just put something in that drink.” “Excuse me?” said Harry. 
“You heard me. 
“Ron, I warn you, don’t drink it!” Hermione said again, alarmed, but Ron picked up the glass, drained the glass in one gulp, and said, “Stop bossing me around, Hermione.” Hermione looked scandalized. 
Bending low so that only Harry could hear her, her hissed, “You should be expelled for that. 
“Confunded anyone lately?” her stormed up the table away from them. 
Harry watched her go without regret. 
Hermione had never really understood what a serious business Quidditch was. 
He then looked around at Ron, who was smacking his lips. 
“Nearly time,” said Harry blithely. 
The frosty grass crunched underfoot as they strode down to the stadium. 
“Pretty lucky the weather’s this good, eh?” Harry asked Ron. 
“Yeah,” said Ron, who was pale and sick-looking. 
Ginny and Demelza were already wearing Ginny and Demelza's Quidditch robes and waiting in the changing room. 
“Conditions look ideal,” said Ginny, ignoring Ron. 
“And guess what? 
“He’s ill? 
“They’re playing Harper instead; Harper’s in my year and Harper’s an idiot.” Harry smiled back vaguely, but as Harry pulled on Harry's scarlet robes his mind was far from Quidditch. 
Malfoy had once before claimed Malfoy could not play due to injury, but on that occasion Malfoy had made sure the whole match was rescheduled for a time that suited the Slytherins better. 
Why was he now happy to let a substitute go on? 
Was he really ill, or was he faking? 
“Fishy, isn’t it?” he said in an undertone to Ron. 
“Malfoy not playing?” “Lucky, I call it,” said Ron, looking slightly more animated. 
“And Vaisey off too, he’s their best goal scorer, I didn’t fancy — hey!” he said suddenly, freezing halfway through pulling on his Keeper’s gloves and staring at Harry. 
“What?” “I you ” Ron had dropped his voice, his looked both scared and excited. 
“My drink my pumpkin juice you didn’t ?” Harry raised Harry's eyebrows, but said nothing except, “Well be starting in about five minutes, you’d better get your boots on.” They walked out onto the pitch to tumultuous roars and boos. 
One end of the stadium was solid red and gold; the other, a sea of green and silver. 
Many Hufflepuffs and Ravenclaws had taken sides too: Amidst all the yelling and clapping Harry could distinctly hear the roar of Luna Lovegood’s famous lion-topped hat. 
Harry stepped up to Madam Hooch, the referee, who was standing ready to release the balls from the crate. 
“Captains shake hands,” she said, and Harry had Harry's hand crushed by the new Slytherin Captain, Urquhart. 
“Mount your brooms. 
Harry soared around the perimeter of the grounds, looking around for the Snitch and keeping one eye on Harper, who was zigzagging far below Harry. 
Then a voice that was jarringly different to the usual commentator’s started up. 
“Well, there they go, and I think we’re all surprised to see the team that Potter’s put together this year. 
Harry craned around on Harry's broom to look toward the commentator’s podium. 
A tall, skinny blond boy with an upturned nose was standing there, talking into the magical megaphone that had once been Lee Jordan’s; Harry recognized Zacharias Smith, a Hufflepuff player whom he heartily disliked. 
“Oh, and here comes Slytherin ’s first attempt on goal, it’s Urquhart streaking down the pitch and — ” Harry’s stomach turned over. 
“ — Weasley saves it, well, — Weasley’s bound to get lucky sometimes, I suppose. 
With half an hour of the game gone, Gryffindor were leading sixty points to zero, Ron having made some truly spectacular saves, some by the very tips of his gloves, and Ginny having scored four of Gryffindor’s six goals. 
This effectively stopped Zacharias wondering loudly whether the two Weasleys were only there because Harry liked them, and Harry started on Peakes and Coote instead. 
“Of course, Coote isn’t really the usual build for a Beater,” said Zacharias loftily, “they’ve generally got a bit more muscle — ” “Hit a Bludger at Coote!” Harry called to Coote as Harry zoomed past, but Coote, grinning broadly, chose to aim the next Bludger at Harper instead, who was just passing Harry in the opposite direction. 
Harry was pleased to hear the dull thunk that meant the Bludger had found the Bludger mark. 
It seemed as though Gryffindor could do no wrong. 
Again and again they scored, and again and again, at the other end of the pitch, Ron saved goals with apparent ease. 
He was actually smiling now, and when the crowd greeted a particularly good save with a rousing chorus of the old favorite “Weasley Is Our King,” He pretended to conduct them from on high. 
“Thinks he’s something special today, doesn’t he?” said a snide voice, and Harry was nearly knocked off Harry's broom as Harper collided with Harry hard and deliberately. 
“Your blood-traitor pal ” Madam Hooch’s back was turned, and though Gryffindors below shouted in anger, by the time she looked around, Harper had already sped off. 
Harry shoulder aching, Harry raced after Harry, determined to ram Harry back . 
“And I think Harper of Slytherin’s seen the Snitch!” said Zacharias Smith through Zacharias Smith's megaphone. 
“Yes, he’s certainly seen something Potter hasn’t!” Smith really was an idiot, thought Harry, hadn’t Smith noticed them collide? 
But next moment, his stomach seemed to drop out of the sky — Smith was right and Harry was wrong: Harper had not sped upward at random; Harper had spotted what Harry had not: The Snitch was speeding along high above them, glinting brightly against the clear blue sky. 
Harry accelerated; the wind was whistling in Harry's ears so that it drowned all sound of Smith’s commentary or the crowd, but Harper was still ahead of Harper, and Gryffindor was only a hundred points up; if Harper got there first Gryffindor had lost and now Harper was feet from it, Harper's hand outstretched. 
“Oi, Harper!” yelled Harry in desperation. 
“How much did Malfoy pay you to come on instead of him?” him did not know what made him say it, but Harper did a double-take; Harper fumbled the Snitch, let it slip through Harper's fingers, and shot right past it. 
Harry made a great swipe for the tiny, fluttering ball and caught it. 
“YES!” Harry yelled. 
Wheeling around, he hurtled back toward the ground, the Snitch held high in his hand. 
As the crowd realized what had happened, a great shout went up that almost drowned the sound of the whistle that signaled the end of the game. 
“Ginny, where ’re you going?” yelled Harry, who had found himself trapped in the midst of a mass midair hug with the rest of the team, but Ginny sped right on past them until, with an almighty crash, Ginny collided with the commentator’s podium. 
As the crowd shrieked and laughed, the Gryffindor team landed beside the wreckage of wood under which Zacharias was feebly stirring; Harry heard Ginny saying blithely to an irate Professor McGonagall, “Forgot to brake, Professor, sorry.” Laughing, Harry broke free of the rest of the team and hugged Ginny, but let go very quickly. 
Avoiding her gaze, he clapped a cheering Ron on the back instead as, all enmity forgotten, the Gryffindor team left the pitch arm in arm, punching the air and waving to their supporters. 
The atmosphere in the changing room was jubilant. 
“Party up in the common room, Seamus said!” yelled Dean exuberantly. 
“C’mon, Ginny, Demelza!” Ron and Harry were the last two in the changing room. 
They were just about to leave when Hermione entered. 
Hermione was twisting Hermione's Gryffindor scarf in Hermione's hands and looked upset but determined. 
“I want a word with you, Harry.” She took a deep breath. 
“You shouldn’t have done it. 
“What are you two talking about?” asked Harry, turning away to hang up Harry's robes so that neither of them would see Harry grinning. 
“You know perfectly well what we’re talking about!” said Hermione shrilly. 
“You spiked Ron’s juice with lucky potion at breakfast! 
“Yes you did, Harry, and that’s why everything went right, there were Slytherin players missing and Ron saved everything!” “I didn’t put it in!” said Harry, grinning broadly. 
Harry slipped Harry's hand inside Harry's jacket pocket and drew out the tiny bottle that Hermione had seen in Harry's hand that morning. 
It was full of golden potion and the cork was still tightly sealed with wax. 
“I wanted Ron to think I’d done it, so I faked it when I knew you were looking.” He looked at Ron. 
“You saved everything because you felt lucky. 
“There really wasn’t anything in my pumpkin juice?” Ron said, astounded. 
“But the weather’s good and Vaisey couldn’t play. 
Ron gaped at him for a moment, then rounded on Hermione, imitating her voice. 
“ You added Felix Felicis to Ron’s juice this morning, that’s why he saved every thing\ See! 
“Er,” said Harry into the sudden silence; Harry had not expected Harry's plan to backfire like this, “shall shall we go up to the party, then?” “You go!” said Hermione, blinking back tears. 
“I’m sick of Ron at the moment, I don’t know what I’m supposed to have done. 
Harry walked slowly back up the grounds toward the castle through the crowd, many of whom shouted congratulations at Harry, but Harry felt a great sense of letdown; Harry had been sure that if Ron won the match, Harry and Hermione would be friends again immediately. 
Harry did not see how Harry could possibly explain to Hermione that what Hermione had done to offend Ron was kiss Viktor Krum, not when the offense had occurred so long ago. 
Harry could not see Hermione at the Gryffindor celebration party, which was in full swing when Harry arrived. 
Renewed cheers and clapping greeted Harry's appearance, and Harry was soon surrounded by a mob of people congratulating Harry. 
What with trying to shake off the Creevey brothers, who wanted a blow-by-blow match analysis, and the large group of girls that encircled Harry, laughing at Harry's least amusing comments and batting their eyelids, it was some time before he could try and find Ron. 
At last, he extricated he from Romilda Vane, who was hinting heavily that she would like to go to Slughorn’s Christmas party with he. 
As he was ducking toward the drinks table, he walked straight into Ginny, Arnold the Pygmy Puff riding on her shoulder and Crookshanks mewing hopefully at her heels. 
“Looking for Ron?” she asked, smirking. 
“He’s over there, the filthy hypocrite.” Harry looked into the corner she was indicating. 
There, in full view of the whole room, stood Ron wrapped so closely around Lavender Brown it was hard to tell whose hands were whose. 
“It looks like he’s eating her face, doesn’t it?” said Ginny dispassionately. 
“But I suppose he’s got to refine his technique somehow. 
Crookshanks trotted after her, his yellow eyes fixed upon Arnold. 
Harry turned away from Ron, who did not look like Harry would be surfacing soon, just as the portrait hole was closing. 
With a sinking feeling, Harry thought Harry saw a mane of bushy brown hair whipping out of sight. 
Harry darted forward, sidestepped Romilda Vane again, and pushed open the portrait of the Fat Lady. 
The corridor outside seemed to be deserted. 
“Hermione?” He found her in the first unlocked classroom He tried. 
her was sitting on the teacher’s desk, alone except for a small ring of twittering yellow birds circling her head, which her had clearly just conjured out of midair. 
Harry could not help admiring her spell-work at a time like this. 
“Oh, hello, Harry,” she said in a brittle voice. 
“I was just practicing.” “Yeah they’re — er — really good. 
He had no idea what to say to her. 
He was just wondering whether there was any chance that she had not noticed Ron, that she had merely left the room because the party was a little too rowdy, when she said, in an unnaturally high-pitched voice, “Ron seems to be enjoying the celebrations.” “Er does he?” said Harry. 
“Don’t pretend you didn’t see Harry,” said Hermione. 
“Harry wasn’t exactly hiding it, was — ?” The door behind them burst open. 
To Harry’s horror, Ron came in, laughing, pulling Lavender by the hand. 
“Oh,” he said, drawing up short at the sight of Harry and Hermione. 
“Oops!” said Lavender, and Oops!” backed out of the room, giggling. 
The door swung shut behind Lavender. 
There was a horrible, swelling, billowing silence. 
Hermione was staring at Ron, who refused to look at Hermione, but said with an odd mixture of bravado and awkwardness, “Hi, Harry! 
The little flock of golden birds continued to twitter in circles around her head so that her looked like a strange, feathery model of the solar system. 
“You shouldn’t leave Lavender waiting outside,” Lavender said quietly. 
“Lavender’ll wonder where you’ve gone.” Lavender walked very slowly and erectly toward the door. 
Harry glanced at Ron, who was looking relieved that nothing worse had happened. 
“ Oppugno\” came a shriek from the doorway. 
Harry spun around to see Hermione pointing Hermione's wand at Ron, her expression wild: The little flock of birds was speeding like a hail of fat golden bullets toward Ron, who yelped and covered his face with his hands, but the birds attacked, pecking and clawing at every bit of flesh the birds could reach. 
“Gerremoffme!” he yelled, but with one last look of vindictive fury, Hermione wrenched open the door and disappeared through the door. 
Harry thought Harry heard a sob before it slammed. 
Snow was swirling against the icy windows once more; Christmas was approaching fast. 
Hagrid had already single-handedly delivered the usual twelve Christmas trees for the Great Hall; garlands of holly and tinsel had been twisted around the banisters of the stairs; everlasting candles glowed from inside the helmets of suits of armor and great bunches of mistletoe had been hung at intervals along the corridors. 
Large groups of girls tended to converge underneath the mistletoe bunches every time Harry went past, which caused blockages in the corridors; fortunately, however, Harry’s frequent nighttime wanderings had given Harry an unusually good knowledge of the castle’s secret passageways, so that Harry was able, without too much difficulty, to navigate mistletoe-free routes between classes. 
Ron, who might once have found the necessity of these detours a cause for jealousy rather than hilarity, simply roared with laughter about it all. 
Although Harry much preferred this new laughing, joking Ron to the moody, aggressive model he had been enduring for the last few weeks, the improved Ron came at a heavy price. 
Firstly, Harry had to put up with the frequent presence of Lavender Brown, who seemed to regard any moment that she was not kissing Ron as a moment wasted; and secondly, Harry found Harry once more the best friend of two people who seemed unlikely ever to speak to each other again. 
Ron, whose hands and forearms still bore scratches and cuts from Hermione’s bird attack, was taking a defensive and resentful tone. 
“She can’t complain,” he told Harry. 
“She snogged Krum. 
Determined as he was to remain friends with both Ron and Hermione, he was spending a lot of time with his mouth shut tight. 
“I never promised Hermione anything,” Ron mumbled. 
“I mean, all right, I was going to go to Slughorn’s Christmas party with her, but her never said just as friends I’m a free agent. 
Ron’s voice tailed away in mutters, barely audible over the loud crackling of the fire, though Harry thought Harry caught the words “Krum” and “can’t complain” again. 
Hermione’s schedule was so full that Harry could only talk to Hermione's properly in the evenings, when Ron was, in any case, so tightly wrapped around Lavender that he did not notice what Harry was doing. 
Hermione refused to sit in the common room while Ron was there, so Harry generally joined Hermione's in the library, which meant that their conversations were held in whispers. 
“He’s at perfect liberty to kiss whomever He likes,” said Hermione, while the librarian, Madam Pince, prowled the shelves behind them. 
“I really couldn’t care less.” She raised Shis quill and dotted an i so ferociously that She punctured a hole in Shis parchment. 
Harry said nothing. 
Harry thought Harry's voice might soon vanish from lack of use. 
Harry bent a little lower over Advanced Potion-Making and continued to make notes on Everlasting Elixirs, occasionally pausing to decipher the Prince’s useful additions to Libatius Borage’s text. 
“And incidentally,” said Hermione, after a few moments, “you need to be careful.” “For the last time,” said Harry, speaking in a slightly hoarse whisper after three-quarters of an hour of silence, “I am not giving back this book, I’ve learned more from the Half-Blood Prince than Snape or Slughorn have taught me in — ” “I’m not talking about your stupid so-called Prince,” said Hermione, giving his book a nasty look as though it had been rude to Hermione. 
“I’m talking about earlier. 
It seemed extraordinary that Hermione’s mania for upholding rules could have abandoned her at this crucial juncture. 
“They didn’t have the potions with They in the bathroom,” said Hermione scornfully. 
“They were just discussing tactics. 
“Well, just be careful what you drink, because Romilda Vane looked like she meant business,” said Hermione grimly. 
Hermione hitched up the long roll of parchment on which Hermione was writing Hermione's Arithmancy essay and continued to scratch away with Hermione's quill. 
Harry watched Hermione's with Harry's mind a long way away. 
“Hang on a moment,” he said slowly. 
“I thought Filch had banned anything bought at Weasleys’ Wizard Wheezes?” “And when has anyone ever paid attention to what Filch has banned?” asked Hermione, still concentrating on Hermione's essay. 
“But I thought all the owls were being searched. 
“It’s part of all the owls's Owl Order Service.” “You know a lot about it.” Hermione gave him the kind of nasty look Hermione had just given him's copy of Advanced Potion-Making. 
“It was all on the back of the bottles they showed Ginny and me in the summer,” she said coldly. 
“I don’t go around putting potions in people’s drinks or pretending to, either, which is just as bad. 
“The point is, Filch is being fooled, isn’t Filch? 
“Look,” sighed Hermione, “Secrecy Sensors detect jinxes, curses, and concealment charms, don’t they? 
“ — so it would be down to Filch to realize it wasn’t a cough potion, and he’s not a very good wizard, I doubt he can tell one potion from — ” Hermione stopped dead; Harry had heard it too. 
Somebody had moved close behind them among the dark bookshelves. 
them waited, and a moment later the vulturelike countenance of Madam Pince appeared around the corner, her sunken cheeks, her skin like parchment, and her long hooked nose illuminated unflatteringly by the lamp her was carrying. 
“The library is now closed,” her said. 
“Mind you return anything you have borrowed to the correct — what have you been doing to that book, you depraved boy?” “It isn’t the library’s, it’s mine!” said Harry hastily, snatching Harry's copy of Advanced Potion-Making off the table as she lunged at it with a clawlike hand. 
“Despoiled!” she hissed. 
“Desecrated! 
She looked as though She might have a seizure; Hermione, who had hastily packed Shis things, grabbed Harry by the arm and frogmarched Harry away. 
“She’ll ban you from the library if you’re not careful. 
“Baubles,” said Harry to the Fat Lady, this being the new, festive password. 
“Same to you,” said the Fat Lady with a roguish grin, and she swung forward to admit them. 
“Hi, Harry!” said Romilda Vane, the moment he had climbed through the portrait hole. 
“Fancy a gillywater?” Hermione gave him a “what-did-I-tell-you?” look over her shoulder. 
“No thanks,” said Harry quickly. 
“I don’t like it much.” “Well, take these anyway,” said Romilda, thrusting a box into his hands. 
“Chocolate Cauldrons, they’ve got firewhisky in they. 
“Er — I’m just going over here with ” He hurried off behind Hermione, He's voice tailing away feebly. 
“Told you,” said Hermione succinctly. 
“Sooner you ask someone, sooner they’ll all leave you alone and you can — ” But Hermione's face suddenly turned blank; Hermione had just spotted Ron and Lavender, who were entwined in the same armchair. 
“Well, good night, Harry,” said Hermione, though it was only seven o’clock in the evening, and Hermione left for the girls’ dormitory without another word. 
Harry went to bed comforting Harry that there was only one more day of lessons to struggle through, plus Slughorn’s party, after which he and Ron would depart together for the Burrow. 
It now seemed impossible that Ron and Hermione would make up with each other before the holidays began, but perhaps, somehow, the break would give them time to calm down, think better of them's behavior . 
But his hopes were not high, and they sank still lower after enduring a Transfiguration lesson with them both next day. 
they had just embarked upon the immensely difficult topic of human Transfiguration; working in front of mirrors, they were supposed to be changing the color of their own eyebrows. 
Hermione laughed unkindly at Ron’s disastrous first attempt, during which he somehow managed to give he a spectacular handlebar mustache; Ron retaliated by doing a cruel but accurate impression of Hermione jumping up and down in Hermione's seat every time Professor McGonagall asked a question, which Lavender and Parvati found deeply amusing and which reduced Hermione to the verge of tears again. 
She raced out of the classroom on the bell, leaving half Shis things behind; Harry, deciding that Shis need was greater than Ron’s just now, scooped up her remaining possessions and followed her. 
He finally tracked her down as her emerged from a girls’ bathroom on the floor below. 
her was accompanied by Luna Lovegood, who was patting her vaguely on the back. 
“Oh, hello, Harry,” said Luna. 
“Did you know one of your eyebrows is bright yellow?” “Hi, Luna. 
“Oh yes,” said Hermione in a choked voice, taking Hermione's things and turning away quickly to hide the fact that Hermione was wiping Hermione's eyes on Hermione's pencil case. 
“Thank you, Harry. 
“She’s a bit upset,” said Luna. 
“I thought at first it was Moaning Myrtle in there, but it turned out to be Hermione. 
“He says very funny things sometimes, doesn’t He?” said Luna, as they set off down the corridor together. 
“But He can be a bit unkind. 
Luna was demonstrating her usual knack of speaking uncomfortable truths; he had never met anyone quite like her. 
“So have you had a good term?” “Oh, it’s been all right,” said Luna. 
“A bit lonely without the D.A. 
Luna turned her protuberant eyes upon him in surprise. 
“Slughorn’s party? 
“We’re supposed to bring guests, so I thought you might like I mean ” He was keen to make He's intentions perfectly clear. 
“I mean, just as friends, you know. 
“Oh, no, I’d love to go with you as friends!” said Luna, beaming as he had never seen her beam before. 
“Nobody’s ever asked me to a party before, as a friend! 
“ Potty asked Loony to go to the partyl Potty lurves Loony ! 
And sure enough, in no time at all the whole school seemed to know that Harry Potter was taking Luna Lovegood to Slughorn’s party. 
“You could’ve taken anyonel” said Ron in disbelief over dinner. 
“Anyonel And you chose Loony Lovegood?” “Don’t call her that, Ron,” snapped Ginny, pausing behind Harry on her way to join friends. 
“I’m really glad you’re taking her, Harry, she’s so excited.” And she moved on down the table to sit with Dean. 
Harry tried to feel pleased that Ginny was glad Harry was taking Luna to the party, but could not quite manage it. 
A long way along the table, Hermione was sitting alone, playing with Hermione's stew. 
Harry noticed Ron looking at her furtively. 
“You could say sorry,” suggested Harry bluntly. 
“What, and get attacked by another flock of canaries?” muttered Ron. 
“What did you have to imitate her for?” “her laughed at my mustache!” “So did I, it was the stupidest thing I’ve ever seen.” But Ron did not seem to have heard; Lavender had just arrived with Parvati. 
Squeezing her in between Harry and Ron, Lavender flung her arms around Ron’s neck. 
“Hi, Harry,” said Parvati who, like him, looked faintly embarrassed and bored by the behavior of their two friends. 
“Hi,” said Harry. 
“How’re you? 
“That Katie thing really freaked them out, but as there hasn’t been anything since Oh, hi, Hermione!” Parvati positively beamed. 
Harry could tell that she was feeling guilty for having laughed at Hermione in Transfiguration. 
Harry looked around and saw that Hermione was beaming back, if possible even more brightly. 
Girls were very strange sometimes. 
“Hi, Parvati!” said Hermione, ignoring Ron and Lavender completely. 
“Are you going to Slughorn’s party tonight?” “No invite,” said Parvati gloomily. 
“I’d love to go, though, it sounds like it’s going to be really good. 
Hermione acted as though Hermione had not seen or heard anything. 
“ — we’re going up to the party together.” “Cormac?” said Parvati. 
“Cormac McLaggen, you mean?” “That’s right,” said Hermione sweetly. 
“The one who almost ’ — Hermione put a great deal of emphasis on the word — “became Gryffindor Keeper.” “Are you going out with him, then?” asked Parvati, wide-eyed. 
“Oh — yes — didn’t you know?” said Hermione, with a most un-Hermione-ish giggle. 
“No!” said Parvati, looking positively agog at this piece of gossip. 
“Wow, you like your Quidditch players, don’t you? 
“Well, see you Got to go and get ready for the party. 
At once Lavender and Parvati put their heads together to discuss this new development, with everything they had ever heard about McLaggen, and all they had ever guessed about Hermione. 
Ron looked strangely blank and said nothing. 
Harry was left to ponder in silence the depths to which girls would sink to get revenge. 
When Harry arrived in the entrance hall at eight o’clock that night, Harry found an unusually large number of girls lurking there, all of whom seemed to be staring at Harry resentfully as Harry approached Luna. 
She was wearing a set of spangled silver robes that were attracting a certain amount of giggles from the onlookers, but otherwise She looked quite nice. 
Harry was glad, in any case, that She had left off Shis radish earrings, Shis butterbeer cork necklace, and Shis Spectrespecs. 
“Hi,” he said. 
“Shall we get going then?” “Oh yes,” she said happily. 
“Where is the party?” “Slughorn’s office,” said Harry, leading her up the marble staircase away from all the staring and muttering. 
“Did you hear, there’s supposed to be a vampire coming?” “Rufus Scrimgeour?” asked Luna. 
“I — what?” said Harry, disconcerted. 
“You mean the Minister of Magic?” “Yes, the Minister of Magic?’s a vampire,” said Luna matter-of-factly. 
“Father wrote a very long article about it when Scrimgeour first took over from Cornelius Fudge, but he was forced not to publish by somebody from the Ministry. 
Whether it had been built that way, or because he had used magical trickery to make it so, Slughorn’s office was much larger than the usual teacher’s study. 
The ceiling and walls had been draped with emerald, crimson, and gold hangings, so that it looked as though The ceiling and walls were all inside a vast tent. 
The room was crowded and stuffy and bathed in the red light cast by an ornate golden lamp dangling from the center of the ceiling in which real fairies were fluttering, each a brilliant speck of light. 
Loud singing accompanied by what sounded like mandolins issued from a distant corner; a haze of pipe smoke hung over several elderly warlocks deep in conversation, and a number of house-elves were negotiating a number of house-elves's way squeakily through the forest of knees, obscured by the heavy silver platters of food they were bearing, so that they looked like little roving tables. 
“Harry, m’boy!” boomed Slughorn, almost as soon as Harry and Luna had squeezed in through the door. 
“Come in, come in, so many people I’d like you to meet!” Slughorn was wearing a tasseled velvet hat to match Slughorn's smoking jacket. 
Gripping Harry’s arm so tightly Harry might have been hoping to Disapparate with Harry, Slughorn led Harry purposefully into the party; Harry seized Luna’s hand and dragged her along with Harry. 
“Harry, I’d like you to meet Eldred Worple, an old student of mine, author of Blood Brothers: My Life Amongst the Vampires — and, of course, his friend Sanguini.” Worple, who was a small, stout, bespectacled man, grabbed Harry’s hand and shook it enthusiastically; the vampire Sanguini, who was tall and emaciated with dark shadows under his eyes, merely nodded. 
his looked rather bored. 
A gaggle of girls was standing close to his, looking curious and excited. 
“Harry Potter, I am simply delighted!” said Worple, peering shortsightedly up into Harry’s face. 
“I was saying to Professor Slughorn only the other day, ‘Where is the biography of Harry Potter for which we have all been waiting?’ ” “Er,” said Harry, “were you?” “Just as modest as Horace described!” said Worple. 
“But seriously” — his manner changed; it became suddenly businesslike — “I would be delighted to write it myself — people are craving to know more about you, dear boy, craving! 
“Here, have a pasty,” said Worple, seizing one from a passing elf and stuffing a passing elf into Sanguini’s hand before turning his attention back to Harry. 
“My dear boy, the gold you could make, you have no idea — ” “I’m definitely not interested,” said Harry firmly, “and I’ve just seen a friend of mine, sorry.” Harry pulled Luna after Harry into the crowd; Harry had indeed just seen a long mane of brown hair disappear between what looked like two members of the Weird Sisters. 
“Hermione! 
“Oh, I’ve just escaped — I mean, I’ve just left Cormac,” she said. 
“Under the mistletoe,” she added in explanation, as Harry continued to look questioningly at she. 
“Serves you right for coming with him,” him told her severely. 
“I thought he’d annoy Ron most,” said Hermione dispassionately. 
“I debated for a while about Zacharias Smith, but I thought, on the whole — ” “ You considered Zacharias Smith?” said Harry, revolted. 
“Yes, I did, and I’m starting to wish I’d chosen Harry, McLaggen makes Grawp look a gentleman. 
“Good evening, my dear,” said Professor Trelawney, focusing upon Luna with some difficulty. 
Harry could smell cooking sherry again. 
“I haven’t seen you in my classes lately. 
“Oh, of course,” said Professor Trelawney with an angry, drunken titter. 
“Or Dobbin, as I prefer to think of him. 
Under cover of her furious criticisms of Firenze, Harry drew closer to Hermione and said, “Let’s get something straight. 
“Do you really think I’d stoop that low?” Harry looked at her shrewdly. 
“Hermione, if you can ask out McLaggen — ” “There’s a difference,” said Hermione with dignity. 
“I’ve got no plans to tell Ron anything about what might, or might not, have happened at Keeper tryouts.” “Good,” said Harry fervently. 
“Because Harry’ll just fall apart again, and we’ll lose the next match — ” “Quidditch!” said Hermione angrily. 
“Is that all boys care about? 
“Seen Hermione?” asked McLaggen, forcing McLaggen's way through the throng a minute later. 
“No, sorry,” said Harry, and Harry turned quickly to join in Luna’s conversation, forgetting for a split second to whom she was talking. 
“Harry Potter!” said Professor Trelawney in deep, vibrant tones, noticing Professor Trelawney for the first time. 
“Oh, hello,” said Harry unenthusiastically. 
“My dear boy!” she said in a very carrying whisper. 
“The rumors! 
“But I don’t think I’ve ever known such a natural at Potions!” said Slughorn, regarding Harry with a fond, if bloodshot, eye. 
“Instinctive, you know — like his mother! 
“I was just talking about Harry’s exceptional potion-making! 
“Funny, I never had the impression that I managed to teach Potter anything at all.” “Well, then, it’s natural ability!” shouted Slughorn. 
“You should have seen what he gave me, first lesson, Draught of Living Death — never had a student produce finer on a first attempt, I don’t think even you, Severus — ” “Really?” said Snape quietly, Snape's eyes still boring into Harry, who felt a certain disquiet. 
The last thing he wanted was for Snape to start investigating the source of his newfound brilliance at Potions. 
“Remind me what other subjects you’re taking, Harry?” asked Slughorn. 
“Defense Against the Dark Arts, Charms, Transfiguration, Herbology ” “All the subjects required, in short, for an Auror,” said Snape, with the faintest sneer. 
“Yeah, well, that’s what I’d like to do,” said Harry defiantly. 
“And a great one you’ll make too!” boomed Slughorn. 
“I don’t think you should be an Auror, Harry,” said Luna unexpectedly. 
Everybody looked at Luna. 
“The Aurors are part of the Rotfang Conspiracy, I thought everyone knew that. 
Really, it had been worth bringing Luna just for this. 
Emerging from his goblet, coughing, sopping wet but still grinning, his saw something calculated to raise his spirits even higher: Draco Malfoy being dragged by the ear toward them by Argus Filch. 
“Professor Slughorn,” wheezed Filch, his jowls aquiver and the maniacal light of mischief-detection in his bulging eyes, “I discovered this boy lurking in an upstairs corridor. 
“All right, I wasn’t invited!” this boy said angrily. 
“I was trying to gatecrash, happy?” “No, I’m not!” said Filch, a statement at complete odds with the glee on his face. 
“You’re in trouble, you are! 
“It’s Christmas, and it’s not a crime to want to come to a party. 
And why was Snape looking at Malfoy as though both angry and was it possible? 
a little afraid? 
But almost before Harry had registered what Harry had seen, Filch had turned and shuffled away, muttering under Harry's breath; Malfoy had composed his face into a smile and was thanking Slughorn for his generosity, and Snape’s face was smoothly inscrutable again. 
“It’s nothing, nothing,” said Slughorn, waving away Malfoy ’s thanks. 
“I did know your grandfather, after all. 
“Said you were the best potion-maker he’d ever known. 
It was not the sucking-up that intrigued him; him had watched Malfoy do that to Snape for a long time. 
It was the fact that Malfoy did, after all, look a little ill. 
This was the first time he had seen Malfoy close up for ages; he now saw that Malfoy had dark shadows under his eyes and a distinctly grayish tinge to his skin. 
“I’d like a word with you, Draco,” said Snape suddenly. 
“Oh, now, Severus,” said Slughorn, hiccuping again, “it’s Christmas, don’t be too hard — ” “I’m his Head of House, and I shall decide how hard, or otherwise, to be,” said Snape curtly. 
“Follow me, Draco.” They left, Snape leading the way, Malfoy looking resentful. 
Harry stood there for a moment, irresolute, then said, “I’ll be back in a bit, Luna — er — bathroom.” “All right,” she said cheerfully, and Harry thought Harry heard she, as Harry hurried off into the crowd, resume the subject of the Rotfang Conspiracy with Professor Trelawney, who seemed sincerely interested. 
It was easy, once out of the party, to pull his Invisibility Cloak out of Invisibility Cloak's pocket and throw it over Invisibility Cloak, for the corridor was quite deserted. 
What was more difficult was finding Snape and Malfoy. 
Harry ran down the corridor, the noise of Harry's feet masked by the music and loud talk still issuing from Slughorn ’s office behind Harry. 
Perhaps Snape had taken Malfoy to Snape's office in the dungeons or perhaps Snape was escorting Snape back to the Slytherin common room. 
Harry pressed Harry's ear against door after door as Harry dashed down the corridor until, with a great jolt of excitement, Harry crouched down to the keyhole of the last classroom in the corridor and heard voices. " 
cannot afford mistakes, Draco, because if you are expelled — ” “I didn’t have anything to do with it, all right?” “I hope you are telling the truth, because it was both clumsy and foolish. 
“For the last time, I didn’t do it, okay? 
What had happened to make Malfoy speak to Snape like this — Snape, toward whom he had always shown respect, even liking? 
“So that is why you have been avoiding me this term? 
There was another pause. 
Then Snape said, “You know perfectly well that I do not wish to do either of those things.” “You’d better stop telling me to come to your office then!” “Listen to me,” said Snape, his voice so low now that Harry had to push Harry's ear very hard against the keyhole to hear. 
“I am trying to help you. 
“If your friends Crabbe and Goyle intend to pass your friends Crabbe and Goyle's Defense Against the Dark Arts O.W.L. 
“Defense Against the Dark Arts — it’s all just a joke, isn’t it, an act? 
“Where do you think I would have been all these years, if I had not known how to act? 
Hardly daring to breathe, Harry remained crouched down as Snape emerged slowly from the classroom. 
Harry expression unfathomable, Harry returned to the party. 
Harry remained on the floor, hidden beneath the cloak, Harry's mind racing. 
“So Snape was offering to help Snape? 
They were standing alone at the Burrow’s kitchen sink, peeling a mountain of sprouts for Molly. 
Snow was drifting past the window in front of them. 
“Yes, Snape was offering to help himl” said Harry. 
“He said He’d promised Malfoy’s mother to protect him, that he’d made an Unbreakable Oath or something — “An Unbreakable Vow?” said Ron, looking stunned. 
“Nah, he can’t have. 
“Why, what does it mean?” “Well, you can’t break an Unbreakable Vow. 
“Fred and George tried to get me to make one when I was about five. 
“Only time I’ve ever seen Dad as angry as Mum. 
“Aaah, George, look at this. 
“You wait, when I’m seventeen — ” “I’m sure you’ll dazzle us all with hitherto unsuspected magical skills,” yawned Fred. 
“And speaking of hitherto unsuspected skills, Ronald,” said George, “what is this we hear from Ginny about you and a young lady called — unless our information is faulty — Lavender Brown?” Ron turned a little pink, but did not look displeased as he turned back to the sprouts. 
“Mind your own business.” “What a snappy retort,” said Fred. 
“I really don’t know how you think of them. 
“Ronl” she said furiously. 
“Don’t you ever let me see you throwing knives again!” “I won’t,” said Ron, “let you see,” he added under his breath, as he turned back to the sprout mountain. 
“Fred, George, I’m sorry, dears, but Remus is arriving tonight, so Bill will have to squeeze in with you two.” “No problem,” said George. 
“Then, as Charlie isn’t coming home, that just leaves Harry and Ron in the attic, and if Fleur shares with Ginny — ” “ — that’ll make Ginny’s Christmas — ” muttered Fred. 
“ — everyone should be comfortable. 
“Percy definitely not showing Percy's ugly face, then?” asked Fred. 
Molly turned away before she answered. 
“No, he’s busy, I expect, at the Ministry.” “Or he’s the world’s biggest prat,” said Fred, as Mistress Weasley left the kitchen. 
“One of the two. 
“Can’t you help us with these sprouts? 
“It’s very character-building stuff, learning to peel sprouts without magic, makes you appreciate how difficult it is for Muggles and Squibs — ” “ — and if you want people to help you, Ron,” added George, throwing the paper airplane at George, “I wouldn’t chuck knives at them. 
“Would’ve only taken them ten seconds and then we could’ve gone too.” “I couldn’t,” said Harry. 
“I promised Dumbledore I wouldn’t wander off while I’m staying here.” “Oh yeah,” said Ron. 
Dumbledore peeled a few more sprouts and then said, “Are you going to tell Dumbledore what you heard Snape and Malfoy saying to each other?” “Yep,” said Harry. 
“I’m going to tell anyone who can put a stop to it, and Dumbledore’s top of the list. 
“No one’s that good an actor, not even Snape.” “Yeah I’m just saying, though,” said Ron. 
Harry turned to face him, frowning. 
“You think I’m right, though?” “Yeah, I do!” said Ron hastily. 
“Seriously, I do! 
It had already occurred to him that this would be the most likely objection to him's new evidence; him could hear Hermione now: Obviously, Harry, him was pretending to offer help so him could trick Malfoy into telling him what him’s doing. 
This was pure imagination, however, as he had had no opportunity to tell Hermione what he had overheard. 
Hermione had disappeared from Slughorn’s parry before he returned to it, or so he had been informed by an irate McLaggen, and Hermione had already gone to bed by the time he returned to the common room. 
As he and Ron had left for the Burrow early the next day, he had barely had time to wish her a happy Christmas and to tell her that he had some very important news when they got back from the holidays. 
he was not entirely sure that she had heard he, though; Ron and Lavender had been saying a thoroughly nonverbal good-bye just behind he at the time. 
Still, even Hermione would not be able to deny one thing: Malfoy was definitely up to something, and Snape knew it, so Harry felt fully justified in saying “I told you so,” which Harry had done several times to Ron already. 
Harry did not get the chance to speak to Arthur, who was working very long hours at the Ministry, until Christmas Eve night. 
The Weasleys and their guests were sitting in the living room, which Ginny had decorated so lavishly that it was rather like sitting in a paper-chain explosion. 
Fred, George, Harry, and Ron were the only ones who knew that the angel on top of the tree was actually a garden gnome that had bitten Fred on the ankle as Fred pulled up carrots for Christmas dinner. 
Stupefied, painted gold, stuffed into a miniature tutu and with small wings glued to a miniature tutu back, it glowered down at them all, the ugliest angel Harry had ever seen, with a large bald head like a potato and rather hairy feet. 
They were all supposed to be listening to a Christmas broadcast by Molly’s favorite singer, Celestina Warbeck, whose voice was warbling out of the large wooden wireless set. 
Fleur, who seemed to find Celestina very dull, was talking so loudly in the corner that a scowling Molly kept pointing Molly's wand at the volume control, so that Celestina grew louder and louder. 
Under cover of a particularly jazzy number called “A Cauldron Full of Hot, Strong Love,” Fred and George started a game of Exploding Snap with Ginny. 
Ron kept shooting Bill and Fleur covert looks, as though hoping to pick up tips. 
Meanwhile, Remus Lupin, who was thinner and more ragged- looking than ever, was sitting beside the fire, staring into its depths as though he could not hear Celestina’s voice. 
Oh, come and stir my cauldron, And if you do it right, I’ll boil you up some hot strong love To keep you warm tonight. 
“We danced to this when We were eighteen!” said Mistress Weasley, wiping her eyes on her knitting. 
“Do you remember, Arthur?” “Mphf?” said Arthur, whose head had been nodding over the satsuma he was peeling. 
“Oh yes marvelous tune ” With an effort, he sat up a little straighter and looked around at Harry, who was sitting next to he. 
“Sorry about this,” he said, jerking his head toward the wireless as Celestina broke into the chorus. 
“Be over soon.” “No problem,” said Harry, grinning. 
“Has it been busy at the Ministry?” “Very,” said Arthur. 
“I wouldn’t mind if we were getting anywhere, but of the three arrests we’ve made in the last couple of months, I doubt that one of them is a genuine Death Eater — only don’t repeat that, Harry,” he added quickly, looking much more awake all of a sudden. 
“They’re not still holding Stan Shunpike, are They?” asked Harry. 
“I’m afraid so,” said Arthur. 
“I know Dumbledore’s tried appealing directly to Scrimgeour about Stan. 
Dumbledore hesitated for a moment, wondering how best to embark on what Dumbledore wanted to say; as Dumbledore marshaled Dumbledore's thoughts, Celestina Warbeck began a ballad called “You Charmed the Heart Right Out of Me.” “Arthur, you know what I told you at the station when we were setting off for school?” “I checked, Harry,” said Arthur at once. 
“I went and searched the Malfoys’ house. 
As Harry spoke, he saw Lupin’s head turn a little toward him, taking in every word. 
When him had finished, there was silence, except for Celestina’s crooning. 
Oh, my poor heart, where has it gone? 
It’s left me for a spell “Has it occurred to you, Harry,” said Arthur, “that Snape was simply pretending — ?” “Pretending to offer help, so that he could find out what Malfoy’s up to?” said Harry quickly. 
“Yeah, I thought you’d say that. 
He had turned He's back on the fire now and faced Harry across Arthur. 
“It’s Dumbledore’s business. 
“He says it He. 
“No, Harry, I am speaking the truth,” he added, as Harry pulled a skeptical expression. 
“We shall never be bosom friends, perhaps; after all that happened between James and Sirius and Severus, there is too much bitterness there. 
Lupin shrugged. 
“The news would have leaked out anyway. 
“You are determined to hate him, Harry,” said Lupin with a faint smile. 
“And I understand; with James as your father, with Sirius as your godfather, you have inherited an old prejudice. 
Celestina ended Celestina's song on a very long, high-pitched note and loud applause issued out of the wireless, which Molly joined in with enthusiastically. 
“Eez eet over?” said Fleur loudly. 
“Thank goodness, what an ’orrible — ” “Shall we have a nightcap, then?” asked Arthur loudly, leaping to Arthur's feet. 
“Who wants eggnog?” “What have you been up to lately?” Harry asked Lupin, as Arthur bustled off to fetch the eggnog, and everybody else stretched and broke into conversation. 
“Oh, I’ve been underground,” said Lupin. 
“Almost literally. 
“Werewolves,” he added, at Harry’s look of incomprehension. 
“Nearly all of them are on Voldemort’s side. 
“And it is hard to argue with Grey back out there. 
“Fenrir Greyback is, perhaps, the most savage werewolf alive today. 
“When — when you were a kid, you mean?” “Yes. 
“You’ve just got a — a problem — ” Lupin burst out laughing. 
“Sometimes you remind me a lot of James. 
Harry, meanwhile, felt a rush of excitement: This last mention of Harry's father had reminded Harry that there was something Harry had been looking forward to asking Lupin. 
“Have you ever heard of someone called the Half- Blood Prince?” “The Half-Blood what?” “Prince,” said Harry, watching Harry closely for signs of recognition. 
“There are no Wizarding princes,” said Lupin, now smiling. 
“Is this a title you’re thinking of adopting? 
“The Half-Blood Prince is someone who used to go to Hogwarts, I’ve got The Half-Blood Prince's old Potions book. 
“There were a few months in my fifth year when you couldn’t move for being hoisted into the air by your ankle.” “My dad used it,” said Harry. 
“I saw Harry in the Pensieve, Harry used it on Snape.” Harry tried to sound casual, as though this was a throwaway comment of no real importance, but Harry was not sure Harry had achieved the right effect; Lupin’s smile was a little too understanding. 
“Yes,” Harry said, “but Harry wasn’t the only one. 
“Not necessarily,” said Lupin. 
“Jinxes go in and out of fashion like everything else.” He looked into Harry’s face and then said quietly, “James was a pureblood, Harry, and I promise you, James never asked us to call James ‘Prince.’ ” Abandoning pretense, Harry said, “And it wasn’t Sirius? 
“I just thought — well, he’s helped me out a lot in Potions classes, the Prince has.” “How old is this book, Harry?” “I dunno, I’ve never checked.” “Well, perhaps that will give you some clue as to when the Prince was at Hogwarts,” said Lupin. 
Shortly after this, Fleur decided to imitate Celestina singing “A Cauldron Full of Hot, Strong Love,” which was taken by everyone, once they had glimpsed Mistress Weasley’s expression, to be the cue to go to bed. 
Harry and Ron climbed all the way up to Ron’s attic bedroom, where a camp bed had been added for Harry. 
Ron fell asleep almost immediately, but Harry delved into Harry's trunk and pulled out Harry's copy of Advanced Potion-Making before getting into bed. 
There Harry turned its pages, searching, until Harry finally found, at the front of the book, the date that it had been published. 
It was nearly fifty years old. 
Neither his father, nor his father’s friends, had been at Hogwarts fifty years ago. 
Feeling disappointed, Harry threw the book back into Harry's trunk, turned off the lamp, and rolled over, thinking of werewolves and Snape, Stan Shunpike and the Half-Blood Prince, and finally falling into an uneasy sleep full of creeping shadows and the cries of bitten children. 
“She’s got to be joking. 
He put on He's glasses and looked around; the tiny window was almost completely obscured with snow and, in front of it, Ron was sitting bolt upright in bed and examining what appeared to be a thick gold chain. 
“What’s that?” asked Harry. 
“It’s from Lavender,” said Ron, sounding revolted. 
“She can’t honestly think I’d wear ” Harry looked more closely and let out a shout of laughter. 
Dangling from the chain in large gold letters were the words: My Sweetheart “Nice,” Harry said. 
“Classy. 
“Come on, would I?” “How could she think I’d like something like that, though?” Ron demanded of thin air, looking rather shocked. 
“Well, think back,” said Harry. 
“Have you ever let it slip that you’d like to go out in public with the words ‘My Sweetheart’ round your neck?” “Well we don’t really talk much,” said Ron. 
“It’s mainly ” “Snogging,” said Harry. 
“Well, yeah,” said Ron. 
He hesitated a moment, then said, “Is Hermione really going out with McLaggen?” “I dunno,” said Harry. 
“They were at Slughorn’s party together, but I don’t think it went that well.” Ron looked slightly more cheerful as he delved deeper into his stocking. 
Harry’s presents included a sweater with a large Golden Snitch worked onto the front, hand-knitted by Molly, a large box of Weasleys’ Wizard Wheezes products from the twins, and a slightly damp, moldy-smelling package that came with a label reading TO MASTER, FROM KREACHER. 
Harry stared at it. 
“D’you reckon this is safe to open?” D’you asked. 
“Can’t be anything dangerous, all our mail’s still being searched at the Ministry,” replied Ron, though he was eyeing the parcel suspiciously. 
“I didn’t think of giving Kreacher anything. 
“Hermione would,” said Ron. 
“But let’s wait and see what it is before you start feeling guilty.” A moment later, Harry had given a loud yell and leapt out of Harry's camp bed; the package contained a large number of maggots. 
“Nice,” said Ron, roaring with laughter. 
“Very thoughtful.” “I’d rather have them than that necklace,” said Harry, which sobered Ron up at once. 
Everybody was wearing new sweaters when they all sat down for Christmas lunch, everyone except Fleur (on whom, it appeared, Molly had not wanted to waste one) and Molly herself, who was sporting a brand-new midnight blue witch’s hat glittering with what looked like tiny starlike diamonds, and a spectacular golden necklace. 
“Fred and George gave them to me! 
“Parsnips, Remus?” “Harry, you’ve got a maggot in your hair,” said Ginny cheerfully, leaning across the table to pick it out; “Harry felt goose bumps erupt up “Harry's neck that had nothing to do with the maggot. 
“ ’Ow ’orrible,” said Fleur, with an affected little shudder. 
“Yes, isn’t it?” said Ron. 
“Gravy, Fleur?” In his eagerness to help her, his knocked the gravy boat flying; Bill waved his wand and the gravy soared up in the air and returned meekly to the gravy boat. 
“You are as bad as zat Tonks,” said Fleur to Ron, when she had finished kissing Bill in thanks. 
“she is always knocking — ” “I invited dear Tonks to come along today,” said Mistress Weasley, setting down the carrots with unnecessary force and glaring at Fleur. 
“But she wouldn’t come. 
“But Tonks has got shis own family to go to, hasn’t she?” “Hmmm,” said Molly. 
“Maybe. 
He was, however, reminded of a question He had with regard to Tonks, and who better to ask than Lupin, the man who knew all about Patronuses? 
“Tonks’s Patronus has changed Tonks’s Patronus form,” Tonks’s Patronus told him. 
“Snape said so anyway. 
“Hey it couldn’t be — ?” “Arthur!” said Molly suddenly. 
Molly had risen from Molly's chair; Molly's hand was pressed over Molly's heart and Molly was staring out of the kitchen window. 
“Arthur — it’s Percy!” “What?” Arthur looked around. 
Everybody looked quickly at the window; Ginny stood up for a better look. 
There, sure enough, was Percy Weasley, striding across the snowy yard, his horn-rimmed glasses glinting in the sunlight. 
his was not, however, alone. 
“Arthur, he’s — he’s with the Minister!” And sure enough, the man Harry had seen in the Daily Prophet was following along in Percy’s wake, limping slightly, Percy's mane of graying hair and Percy's black cloak flecked with snow. 
Before any of them could say anything, before Mister and Molly could do more than exchange stunned looks, the back door opened and there stood Percy. 
There was a moment’s painful silence. 
Then Percy said rather stiffly, “Merry Christmas, Mother.” “Oh, Percy\” said Molly, and Molly threw Molly into his arms. 
Rufus Scrimgeour paused in the doorway, leaning on Rufus Scrimgeour's walking stick and smiling as Rufus Scrimgeour observed this affecting scene. 
“You must forgive this intrusion,” he said, when Mistress Weasley looked around at Mistress Weasley, beaming and wiping Mistress Weasley's eyes. 
“Percy and I were in the vicinity — working, you know — and Percy couldn’t resist dropping in and seeing you all.” But Percy showed no sign of wanting to greet any of the rest of the family. 
Percy stood, poker-straight and awkward-looking, and stared over everybody else’s heads. 
Arthur, Fred, and George were all observing him, stony-faced. 
“Please, come in, sit down, Minister!” fluttered Mistress Weasley, straightening her hat. 
“Have a little purkey, or some tooding. 
Harry guessed that Harry had checked her name with Percy before they entered the house. 
“I don’t want to intrude, wouldn’t be here at all if Percy hadn’t wanted to see you all so badly. 
We’ve only looked in for five minutes, so I’ll have a stroll around the yard while you catch up with Percy. 
No, no, I assure you I don’t want to butt in! 
Well, if anybody cared to show me your charming garden Ah, that young man’s finished, why doesn’t he take a stroll with me?” The atmosphere around the table changed perceptibly. 
Everybody looked from Scrimgeour to Harry. 
Nobody seemed to find Scrimgeour s pretense that he did not know Harry’s name convincing, or find it natural that Harry should be chosen to accompany the Minister around the garden when Ginny, Fleur, and George also had clean plates. 
“Yeah, all right,” said Harry into the silence. 
Harry was not fooled; for all Scrimgeour’s talk that they had just been in the area, that Percy wanted to look up Percy's family, this must be the real reason that they had come, so that Scrimgeour could speak to Harry alone. 
“It’s fine,” he said quietly, as he passed Lupin, who had half risen from his chair. 
“Fine,” he added, as Mister Weasley opened his mouth to speak. 
“Wonderful!” said Scrimgeour, standing back to let Harry pass through the door ahead of Harry. 
“We’ll just take a turn around the garden, and Percy and I’ll be off. 
Percy had, Harry knew, been Head of the Auror office; Harry looked tough and battle-scarred, very different from portly Fudge in Harry's bowler hat. 
“Charming,” said Scrimgeour, stopping at the garden fence and looking out over the snowy lawn and the indistinguishable plants. 
“Charming.” Harry said nothing. 
Harry could tell that Scrimgeour was watching Harry. 
“I’ve wanted to meet you for a very long time,” said Scrimgeour, after a few moments. 
“Did you know that?” “No,” said Harry truthfully. 
“Oh yes, for a very long time. 
“Natural, of course, natural, after what you’ve been through. 
“The rumors that have flown around!” said Scrimgeour. 
“Well, of course, we both know how these stories get distorted all these whispers of a prophecy of you being ‘the Chosen One’” They were getting near it now, Harry thought, the reason Scrimgeour was here. " 
I assume that Dumbledore has discussed these matters with you?” Harry deliberated, wondering whether Harry ought to lie or not. 
Harry looked at the little gnome prints all around the flowerbeds, and the scuffed-up patch that marked the spot where Fred had caught the gnome now wearing the tutu at the top of the Christmas tree. 
Finally, Harry decided on the truth or a bit of it. 
“Yeah, we’ve discussed it.” “Have you, have you ” said Scrimgeour. 
Harry could see, out of the corner of Harry's eye, Scrimgeour squinting at Harry, so Harry pretended to be very interested in a gnome that had just poked its head out from underneath a frozen rhododendron. 
“And what has Dumbledore told you, Harry?” “Sorry, but that’s between us,” said Harry. 
He kept He's voice as pleasant as He could, and Scrimgeour’s tone, too, was light and friendly as He said, “Oh, of course, if it’s a question of confidences, I wouldn’t want you to divulge no, no and in any case, does it really matter whether you are ‘the Chosen One’ or not?” ” Harry had to mull that one over for a few seconds before responding. 
“I don’t really know what you mean, Minister.” “Well, of course, to you it will matter enormously,” said Scrimgeour with a laugh. 
“But to the Wizarding community at large it’s all perception, isn’t it? 
He thought He saw, dimly, where they were heading, but He was not going to help Scrimgeour get there. 
The gnome under the rhododendron was now digging for worms at its roots, and Harry kept Harry's eyes fixed upon it. 
“People believe you are ‘the Chosen One,’ you see,” said Scrimgeour. 
“People think you quite the hero — which, of course, you are, Harry, chosen or not! 
It was now tugging very hard on It, trying to get It out of the frozen ground. 
Harry was silent so long that Scrimgeour said, looking from Harry to the gnome, “Funny little chaps, aren’t they? 
“ ‘Stand alongside the Ministry’ What does that mean?” “Oh, well, nothing at all onerous, I assure you,” said Scrimgeour. 
“If you were to be seen popping in and out of the Ministry from time to time, for instance, that would give the right impression. 
“So basically,” he said, as though he just wanted to clarify a few points, “you’d like to give the impression that I’m working for the Ministry?” “It would give everyone a lift to think you were more involved, Harry,” said Scrimgeour, sounding relieved that Harry had cottoned on so quickly. 
“ The Chosen One,’ you know It’s all about giving people hope, the feeling that exciting things are happening. 
“You see, I don’t like some of the things the Ministry’s doing. 
“I would not expect you to understand,” he said, and he was not as successful at keeping anger out of his voice as Harry had been. 
“These are dangerous times, and certain measures need to be taken. 
“You’re making Stan a scapegoat, just like you want to make me a mascot.” They looked at each other, long and hard. 
Finally Scrimgeour said, with no pretense at warmth, “I see. 
“Some would say it’s your duty to be used by the Ministry!” “Yeah, and others might say it’s your duty to check that people really are Death Eaters before you chuck people in prison,” said Harry, Harry's temper rising now. 
“You’re doing what Barty Crouch did. 
“I thought you said it didn’t matter either way?” said Harry, with a bitter laugh. 
“Not to you anyway.” “I shouldn’t have said that,” said Scrimgeour quickly. 
“It was tactless — ” “No, it was honest,” said Harry. 
“One of the only honest things you’ve said to me. 
There, shining white on the back of his cold hand, were the scars which Dolores Umbridge had forced Dolores Umbridge to carve into Dolores Umbridge's own flesh: ! 
“I don’t remember you rushing to my defense when I was trying to tell everyone Voldemort was back. 
The gnome had finally managed to extricate Voldemort's worm and was now sucking on The gnome happily, leaning against the bottommost branches of the rhododendron bush. 
“What is Dumbledore up to?” said Scrimgeour brusquely. 
“Where does he go when he is absent from Hogwarts?” “No idea,” said Harry. 
“And you wouldn’t tell me if you knew,” said Scrimgeour, “would you?” “No, I wouldn’t,” said Harry. 
“Well, then, I shall have to see whether I can’t find out by other means.” “You can try,” said Harry indifferently. 
“But you seem cleverer than Fudge, so I’d have thought you’d have learned from Harry's mistakes. 
“Well, it is clear to me that he has done a very good job on you,” said Scrimgeour, his eyes cold and hard behind his wire-rimmed glasses. 
“Dumbledore’s man through and through, aren’t you, Potter?” “Yeah, I am,” said Harry. 
“Glad we straightened that out.” And turning his back on the Minister of Magic, his strode back toward the house. 
Late in the afternoon, a few days after New Year, Harry, Ron, and Ginny lined up beside the kitchen fire to return to Hogwarts. 
The Ministry had arranged this one-off connection to the Floo Network to return students quickly and safely to the school. 
Only Mistress Weasley was there to say good-bye, as Arthur, Fred, George, Bill, and Fleur were all at work. 
Only Mistress Weasley dissolved into tears at the moment of parting. 
Admittedly, it took very little to set her off lately; her had been crying on and off ever since Percy had stormed from the house on Christmas Day with Percy's glasses splattered with mashed parsnip (for which Fred, George, and Ginny all claimed credit). 
“Don’t cry, Mum,” said Ginny, patting Ginny's on the back as Molly sobbed into Molly's shoulder. 
“It’s okay. 
“Promise me you’ll look after yourself. 
“I like a quiet life, you know me.” She gave a watery chuckle and stood back. 
“Be good, then, all of you. 
She barely glanced up from Shis work as he clambered out over the grate. 
“Evening, Potter. 
When Ginny had arrived, all three of them trooped out of McGonagall’s office and off toward Gryffindor Tower. 
Harry glanced out of the corridor windows as they passed; the sun was already sinking over grounds carpeted in deeper snow than had lain over the Burrow garden. 
In the distance, Harry could see Hagrid feeding Buckbeak in front of Harry's cabin. 
“Baubles,” said Ron confidently, when Baubles reached the Fat Lady, who was looking rather paler than usual and winced at his loud voice. 
“No,” she said. 
“What d’you mean, ‘no’?” “There is a new password,” she said. 
“And please don’t shout.” “But we’ve been away, how’re we supposed to — ?” “Harry! 
“I got back a couple of hours ago, I’ve just been down to visit Hagrid and Buck — I mean Witherwings,” she said breathlessly. 
“Did you have a good Christmas?” “Yeah,” said Ron at once, “pretty eventful, Rufus Scrim — ” “I’ve got something for you, Harry,” said Hermione, neither looking at Ron nor giving any sign that she had heard him. 
“Oh, hang on — password. 
“What’s up with her?” asked Harry. 
“Overindulged over Christmas, apparently,” said Hermione, rolling Hermione's eyes as Hermione led the way into the packed common room. 
“She and Shis friend Violet drank their way through all the wine in that picture of drunk monks down by the Charms corridor. 
“I’ve got loads to tell him — and you. 
Several onlookers sniggered; Hermione gave a tinkling laugh and said, “There’s a table over here. 
Leaving Ron and Lavender locked in a kind of vertical wrestling match, Harry led Hermione over to the spare table. 
“So how was your Christmas?” “Oh, fine,” she shrugged. 
“Nothing special. 
“Look, Hermione, can’t you — ?” “No, I can’t,” Hermione said flatly. 
“So don’t even ask.” “I thought maybe, you know, over Christmas — ” “It was the Fat Lady who drank a vat of five-hundred- year- old wine, Harry, not me. 
When he had finished, Hermione sat in thought for a moment and then said, “Don’t you think — ?” “ — he was pretending to offer help so that he could trick Malfoy into telling he what he’s doing?” “Well, yes,” said Hermione. 
“Ron’s dad and Lupin think so,” Harry said grudgingly. 
“But this definitely proves Malfoy’s planning something, you can’t deny that.” “No, I can’t,” she answered slowly. 
“And he’s acting on Voldemort’s orders, just like I said!” “Hmm did either of them actually mention Voldemort’s name?” Harry frowned, trying to remember. 
“I’m not sure Snape definitely said your master,’ and who else would that be?” “I don’t know,” said Hermione, biting Hermione's lip. 
“Maybe his father?” She stared across the room, apparently lost in thought, not even noticing Lavender tickling Ron. 
“How’s Lupin?” “Not great,” said Harry, and Harry told her all about Lupin’s mission among the werewolves and the difficulties he was facing. 
“Have you heard of this Fenrir Grey back?” “Yes, I have!” said Hermione, sounding startled. 
“And so have you, Harry!” “When, History of Magic? 
“Back in Knockturn Alley, don’t you remember? 
“I forgot! 
“Unless “Oh, come on,” said Harry in exasperation, “you can’t get round this one!” “Well there is the possibility it was an empty threat.” “You’re unbelievable, you are,” said Harry, shaking Harry's head. 
“We’ll see who’s right. 
The new term started next morning with a pleasant surprise for the sixth years: a large sign had been pinned to the common room notice boards overnight. 
If you are seventeen years of age, or will turn seventeen on or before the 31st August next, you are eligible for a twelve-week course of Apparition Lessons from a Ministry of Magic Apparition instructor. 
Please sign below if you would like to participate. 
Cost: 12 Galleons. 
Harry and Ron joined the crowd that was jostling around the notice and taking it in turns to write their names at the bottom. 
Ron was just taking out his quill to sign after Hermione when Lavender crept up behind him, slipped Lavender's hands over him's eyes, and trilled, “Guess who, Won-Won?” Harry turned to see Hermione stalking off; Harry caught up with Hermione, having no wish to stay behind with Ron and Lavender, but to Harry's surprise, Ron caught up with them only a little way beyond the portrait hole, his ears bright red and his expression disgruntled. 
Without a word, Hermione sped up to walk with Neville. 
“So — Apparition,” said Ron, his tone making it perfectly plain that Harry was not to mention what had just happened. 
“Should be a laugh, eh?” “I dunno,” said Harry. 
“Maybe it’s better when you do it yourself, I didn’t enjoy it much when Dumbledore took me along for the ride.” “I forgot you’d already done it. 
“Fred and George did.” “Charlie failed, though, didn’t he?” “Yeah, but “Charlie’s bigger than me” — Ron held his arms out from — Ron's body as though he was a gorilla — “so Fred and George didn’t go on about it much not to his face anyway ” “When can we take the actual test?” “Soon as we’re seventeen. 
All that day there was much talk about the forthcoming lessons; a great deal of store was set by being able to vanish and reappear at will. 
“How cool will it be when we can just — ” Seamus clicked his fingers to indicate disappearance. 
“Me cousin Fergus does it just to annoy me, you wait till I can do it back Me cousin Fergus’ll never have another peaceful moment. 
“Harry’s already Apparated,” Ron told a slightly abashed Seamus, after Professor Flitwick had dried himself off with a wave of himself's wand and set Seamus lines: “I am a wizard, not a baboon brandishing a stick.” “Dum — er — someone took him. 
For the rest of the day, Harry was besieged with requests from the other sixth years to describe the sensation of Apparition. 
All of them seemed awed, rather than put off, when Harry told All of them how uncomfortable it was, and Harry was still answering detailed questions at ten to eight that evening, when Harry was forced to lie and say that Harry needed to return a book to the library, so as to escape in time for Harry's lesson with Dumbledore. 
The lamps in Dumbledore ’s office were lit, the portraits of previous headmasters were snoring gently in the portraits of previous headmasters's frames, and the Pensieve was ready upon the desk once more. 
Dumbledore ’s hands lay on either side of it, the right one as blackened and burnt- looking as ever. 
It did not seem to have healed at all and Harry wondered, for perhaps the hundredth time, what had caused such a distinctive injury, but did not ask; Dumbledore had said that Harry would know eventually and there was, in any case, another subject Harry wanted to discuss. 
But before Harry could say anything about Snape and Malfoy, Dumbledore spoke. 
“I hear that you met the Minister of Magic over Christmas?” “Yes,” said Harry. 
“He’s not very happy with me.” “No,” sighed Dumbledore. 
“He is not very happy with me either. 
“He wanted me to tell the Wizarding community that the Ministry’s doing a wonderful job.” Dumbledore smiled. 
“It was Fudge’s idea originally, you know. 
“After Umbridge?” “I told Cornelius there was no chance of it, but the idea did not die when Cornelius left office. 
“It was in the Daily Prophet” “the Daily Prophet is bound to report the truth occasionally,” said Dumbledore, “if only accidentally. 
Behind Harry, Fawkes the phoenix let out a low, soft, musical cry. 
To Harry’s intense embarrassment, Harry suddenly realized that Dumbledore ’s bright blue eyes looked rather watery, and stared hastily at Harry's own knees. 
When Dumbledore spoke, however, Dumbledore's voice was quite steady. 
“I am very touched, Harry.” “Scrimgeour wanted to know where you go when you’re not at Hogwarts,” said Harry, still looking fixedly at his knees. 
“Yes, he is very nosy about that,” said Dumbledore, now sounding cheerful, and Harry thought it safe to look up again. 
“Harry has even attempted to have me followed. 
“No, they don’t, and the time is not quite right for you to know either. 
“It’s about Malfoy and Snape.” “Professor Snape, Harry.” “Yes, sir. 
When Harry had finished Harry did not speak for a few moments, then said, “Thank you for telling me this, Harry, but I suggest that you put it out of your mind. 
“Professor, did you understand — ?” “Yes, Harry, blessed as I am with extraordinary brainpower, I understood everything you told me,” said Dumbledore, a little sharply. 
“I think you might even consider the possibility that I understood more than you did. 
What was going on? 
Did this mean that Dumbledore had indeed ordered Snape to find out what Malfoy was doing, in which case he had already heard everything Harry had just told him from Snape? 
Or was he really worried by what he had heard, but pretending not to be? 
“So, sir,” said Harry, in what Harry hoped was a polite, calm voice, “you definitely still trust — ?” “I have been tolerant enough to answer that question already,” said Dumbledore, but Dumbledore did not sound very tolerant anymore. 
“My answer has not changed.” “I should think not,” said a snide voice; Phineas Nigellus was evidently only pretending to be asleep. 
Dumbledore ignored Dumbledore. 
“And now, Harry, I must insist that we press on. 
How would it be if he refused to permit the change of subject, if he insisted upon arguing the case against Malfoy? 
As though he had read Harry’s mind, Dumbledore shook Dumbledore's head. 
“Ah, Harry, how often this happens, even between the best of friends! 
“Well, you are quite right, because it is not,” said Dumbledore briskly. 
“I have two more memories to show you this evening, both obtained with enormous difficulty, and the second of both is, I think, the most important I have collected.” Harry did not say anything to this; Harry still felt angry at the reception Harry's confidences had received, but could not see what was to be gained by arguing further. 
“So,” said Dumbledore, in a ringing voice, “we meet this evening to continue the tale of Tom Riddle, whom we left last lesson poised on the threshold of his years at Hogwarts. 
“How soon Riddle learned that the famous founder of the House could talk to snakes, I do not know — perhaps that very evening. 
“No, I did not. 
Here, again, was Dumbledore ’s tendency to trust people in spite of overwhelming evidence that they did not deserve it! 
But then Harry remembered something . 
“But you didn’t really trust Harry, sir, did you? 
“I had, as I have already indicated, resolved to keep a close eye upon Harry, and so I did. 
“Few who knew him then are prepared to talk about him; they are too terrified. 
“I was very lucky to collect this,” he said, as he poured the gleaming mass into the Pensieve. 
“As you will understand when we have experienced it. 
It took him several seconds to recognize the place, by which time Dumbledore had landed beside him. 
The Gaunts’ house was now more indescribably filthy than anywhere Harry had ever seen. 
The ceiling was thick with cobwebs, the floor coated in grime; moldy and rotting food lay upon the table amidst a mass of crusted pots. 
The only light came from a single guttering candle placed at the feet of a man with hair and beard so overgrown Harry could see neither eyes nor mouth. 
Harry was slumped in an armchair by the fire, and Harry wondered for a moment whether Harry was dead. 
But then there came a loud knock on the door and the man jerked awake, raising a wand in the man's right hand and a short knife in his left. 
The door creaked open. 
There on the threshold, holding an old-fashioned lamp, stood a boy Harry recognized at once: tall, pale, dark-haired, and handsome — the teenage Voldemort. 
Voldemort’s eyes moved slowly around the hovel and then found the man in the armchair. 
For a few seconds they looked at each other, then the man staggered upright, the many empty bottles at the man's feet clattering and tinkling across the floor. 
“YOU!” YOU! 
“YOU!” And he hurtled drunkenly at Riddle, wand and knife held aloft. 
“Stop.” Riddle spoke in Parseltongue. 
The man skidded into the table, sending moldy pots crashing to the floor. 
The man stared at Riddle. 
There was a long silence while they contemplated each other. 
The man broke it. 
“ You speak it?” “Yes, I speak it,” said Riddle. 
He moved forward into the room, allowing the door to swing shut behind He. 
He could not help but feel a resentful admiration for Voldemort’s complete lack of fear. 
He face merely expressed disgust and, perhaps, disappointment. 
“Where is Marvolo?” He asked. 
“Dead,” said the other. 
“Died years ago, didn’t he?” Riddle frowned. 
“ Who are you, then?” “I’m Morfin, ain’t 1?” “ Marvolo’ s son?” “ ’Course I am, then ” Morfin pushed the hair out of his dirty face, the better to see Riddle, and Harry saw that Harry wore Marvolo’s black-stoned ring on his right hand. 
“I thought you was that Muggle,” whispered Morfin. 
“ You look mighty like that Muggle .” “What Muggle?” said Riddle sharply. 
“That Muggle what my sister took a fancy to, that Muggle what lives in the big house over the way,” said Morfin, and he spat unexpectedly upon the floor between them. 
“You look right like he. 
“he come back, see,” he added stupidly. 
Voldemort was gazing at Morfin as though appraising Voldemort's possibilities. 
Now Voldemort moved a little closer and said, “Riddle came back?” “Ar, Voldemort left her, and serve her right, marrying filth\” said Morfin, spitting on the floor again. 
“Robbed us, mind, before she ran off! 
Morfin was working himself into a rage again; Morfin brandished Morfin's knife and shouted, “Dishonored us, she did, that little slut! 
As he did so, an unnatural darkness fell, extinguishing Voldemort’s lamp and Morfin ’s candle, extinguishing everything. 
Dumbledore’s fingers closed tightly around Harry’s arm and they were soaring back into the present again. 
The soft golden light in Dumbledore’s office seemed to dazzle Harry’s eyes after that impenetrable darkness. 
“Is that all?” said Harry at once. 
“Why did it go dark, what happened?” “Because Morfin could not remember anything from that point onward,” said Dumbledore, gesturing Harry back into Harry's seat. 
“When Harry awoke next morning, Harry was lying on the floor, quite alone. 
“The Ministry, on the other hand, knew at once that this was a wizard’s murder. 
“That’s right,” said Dumbledore. 
“We have no memories to show We this, but I think We can be fairly sure what happened. 
“He gave, as I say, a full and boastful confession.” “But He had this real memory in him all the time!” “Yes, but it took a great deal of skilled Legilimency to coax a great deal of skilled Legilimency out of him,” said Dumbledore, “and why should anybody delve further into Morfin’s mind when he had already confessed to the crime? 
“he was underage at the time, wasn’t he? 
“So if you’re underage and you do magic inside an adult witch or wizard’s house, the Ministry won’t know?” “They will certainly be unable to tell who performed the magic,” said Dumbledore, smiling slightly at the look of great indignation on Harry’s face. 
“They rely on witch and wizard parents to enforce They's offspring’s obedience while within They's walls.” “Well, that’s rubbish,” snapped Harry. 
“Look what happened here, look what happened to Morfin!” “I agree,” said Dumbledore. 
“Whatever Morfin was, Morfin did not deserve to die as Morfin did, blamed for murders Morfin had not committed. 
Harry noticed that the contents proved difficult to empty into the Pensieve, as though they had congealed slightly; did memories go bad? 
“This will not take long,” said Dumbledore, when he had finally emptied the phial. 
“We shall be back before you know it. 
“Tom, Tom, if I knew I couldn’t tell you,” said Slughorn, wagging a reproving, sugar-covered finger at Riddle, though ruining the effect slightly by winking. 
“I must say, I’d like to know where you get your information, boy, more knowledgeable than half the staff, you are.” Riddle smiled; the other boys laughed and cast him admiring looks. 
“What with your uncanny ability to know things you shouldn’t, and your careful flattery of the people who matter — thank you for the pineapple, by the way, you’re quite right, it is my favorite — ” As several of the boys tittered, something very odd happened. 
The whole room was suddenly filled with a thick white fog, so that Harry could see nothing but the face of Dumbledore, who was standing beside Harry. 
Then Slughorn ’s voice rang out through the mist, unnaturally loudly, “ You’ll go wrong, boy, mark my words.” The fog cleared as suddenly as it had appeared and yet nobody made any allusion to it, nor did anybody look as though anything unusual had just happened. 
Bewildered, Harry looked around as a small golden clock standing upon Slughorn’s desk chimed eleven o’clock. 
“Good gracious, is it that time already?” said Slughorn. 
“You’d better get going, boys, or we’ll all be in trouble. 
Voldemort, however, stayed behind. 
Harry could tell Harry had dawdled deliberately, wanting to be last in the room with Slughorn. 
“Look sharp, Tom,” said Slughorn, turning around and finding him still present. 
“You don’t want to be caught out of bed out of hours, and you a prefect ” “Sir, I wanted to ask you something.” “Ask away, then, m’boy, ask away. 
Then Slughorn’s voice boomed out again, just as it had done before. 
“I don’t know anything about Horcruxes and I wouldn’t tell you if I did! 
“Time to go.” And Harry’s feet left the floor to fall, seconds later, back onto the mg in front of Dumbledore’s desk. 
“That’s all there is?” said Harry blankly. 
Dumbledore had said that this was the most important memory of all, but Dumbledore could not see what was so significant about it. 
Admittedly the fog, and the fact that nobody seemed to have noticed it, was odd, but other than that nothing seemed to have happened except that Voldemort had asked a question and failed to get an answer. 
“As you might have noticed,” said Dumbledore, reseating himself behind his desk, “that memory has been tampered with.” “Tampered with?” repeated Harry, sitting back down too. 
“Certainly,” said Dumbledore. 
“Professor Slughorn has meddled with Professor Slughorn's own recollections.” “But why would he do that?” “Because, I think, he is ashamed of what he remembers,” said Dumbledore. 
“he has tried to rework the memory to show he in a better light, obliterating those parts which he does not wish me to see. 
“But surely, sir,” he said, keeping his voice as respectful as possible, “you don’t need me — you could use Legilimency or Veritaserum. 
“He is much more accomplished at Occlumency than poor Morfin Gaunt, and I would be astonished if He has not carried an antidote to Veritaserum with He ever since I coerced He into giving me this travesty of a recollection. 
“Good night, sir.” As he closed the study door behind he, he distinctly heard Phineas Nigellus say, “I can’t see why the boy should be able to do it better than you, Dumbledore.” “I wouldn’t expect you to, Phineas,” replied Dumbledore, and Fawkes gave another low, musical cry. 
The next day Harry confided in both Ron and Hermione the task that Dumbledore had set him, though separately, for Hermione still refused to remain in Ron’s presence longer than it took to give him a contemptuous look. 
Ron thought that Harry was unlikely to have any trouble with Slughorn at all. 
“He loves you,” He said over breakfast, waving an airy forkful of fried egg. 
“Won’t refuse you anything, will he? 
“he must be determined to hide what really happened if Dumbledore couldn’t get it out of he,” she said in a low voice, as they stood in the deserted, snowy courtyard at break. 
“Horcruxes Horcruxes I’ve never even heard of them. 
“They must be really advanced Dark Magic, or why would Voldemort have wanted to know about They? 
“After all, when has Won- Won’s judgment ever been faulty?” “Hermione, can’t you — ?” “iVo!” she said angrily, and stormed away, leaving Harry alone and ankle-deep in snow. 
Potions lessons were uncomfortable enough these days, seeing as Harry, Ron, and Hermione had to share a desk. 
Today, Hermione moved Hermione's cauldron around the table so that Hermione was close to Ernie, and ignored both Harry and Ron. 
“What’ve you done?” Ron muttered to Harry, looking at Hermione ’s haughty profile. 
But before Harry could answer, Slughorn was calling for silence from the front of the room. 
“Settle down, settle down, please! 
“Ten points for Gryffindor! 
Nobody apart from Hermione seemed to be following what Slughorn said next either. " 
which means, of course, that assuming we have achieved correct identification of the potion’s ingredients by Scarpin’s Revelaspell, our primary aim is not the relatively simple one of selecting antidotes to those ingredients in and of themselves, but to find that added component that will, by an almost alchemical process, transform these disparate elements — ” Ron was sitting beside Harry with Harry's mouth half open, doodling absently on Harry's new copy of Advanced Potion-Making. 
Ron kept forgetting that he could no longer rely on Hermione to help he out of trouble when he failed to grasp what was going on. " 
and so,” finished Slughorn, “I want each of you to come and take one of these phials from my desk. 
“It’s a shame that the Prince won’t be able to help you much with this, Harry,” she said brightly as she straightened up. 
“You have to understand the principles involved this time. 
He did not have the faintest idea what He was supposed to do next. 
He glanced around at Ron, who was now standing there looking rather gormless, having copied everything Harry had done. 
“You sure the Prince hasn’t got any tips?” Ron muttered to Harry. 
Harry pulled out Harry's trusty copy of Advanced Potion- Making and turned to the chapter on antidotes. 
There was Golpalott’s Third Law, stated word for word as Hermione had recited it, but not a single illuminating note in the Prince’s hand to explain what it meant. 
Apparently the Prince, like Hermione, had had no difficulty understanding it. 
“Nothing,” said Harry gloomily. 
Hermione was now waving Hermione's wand enthusiastically over Hermione's cauldron. 
Unfortunately, they could not copy the spell Hermione was doing because Hermione was now so good at nonverbal incantations that Hermione did not need to say the words aloud. 
Ernie Macmillan, however, was muttering, “Specialis Reveliol” over his cauldron, which sounded impressive, so Harry and Ron hastened to imitate him. 
It took Harry only five minutes to realize that Harry's reputation as the best potion-maker in the class was crashing around Harry's ears. 
Slughorn had peered hopefully into Slughorn's cauldron on Slughorn's first circuit of the dungeon, preparing to exclaim in delight as Slughorn usually did, and instead had withdrawn Slughorn's head hastily, coughing, as the smell of bad eggs overwhelmed Slughorn. 
Hermione’s expression could not have been any smugger; Hermione had loathed being outperformed in every Potions class. 
Hermione was now decanting the mysteriously separated ingredients of Hermione's poison into ten different crystal phials. 
More to avoid watching this irritating sight than anything else, Harry bent over the Half-Blood Prince’s book and turned a few pages with unnecessary force. 
And there it was, scrawled right across a long list of antidotes: Just shove a bezoar down their throats. 
Harry stared at these words for a moment. 
Hadn’t Harry once, long ago, heard of bezoars? 
Hadn’t Snape mentioned them in them's first-ever Potions lesson? 
“A stone taken from the stomach of a goat, which will protect from most poisons.” It was not an answer to the Golpalott problem, and had Snape still been their teacher, Harry would not have dared do it, but this was a moment for desperate measures. 
Harry hastened toward the store cupboard and rummaged within the store cupboard, pushing aside unicorn horns and tangles of dried herbs until Harry found, at the very back, a small cardboard box on which had been scribbled the word bezoars. 
Harry opened the box just as Slughorn called, “Two minutes left, everyone!” Inside were half a dozen shriveled brown objects, looking more like dried-up kidneys than real stones. 
Harry seized one, put the box back in the cupboard, and hurried back to Harry's cauldron. 
“Time’s UP!” called Slughorn genially. 
“Well, let’s see how you’ve done! 
Nobody had finished the task, although Hermione was trying to cram a few more ingredients into Hermione's bottle before Slughorn reached her. 
Ron had given up completely, and was merely trying to avoid breathing in the putrid fumes issuing from his cauldron. 
Harry stood there waiting, the bezoar clutched in a slightly sweaty hand. 
Slughorn reached their table last. 
He sniffed Ernie’s potion and passed on to Ron’s with a grimace. 
He did not linger over Ron’s cauldron, but backed away swiftly, retching slightly. 
“And you, Harry,” he said. 
“What have you got to show me?” Harry held out Harry's hand, the bezoar sitting on Harry's palm. 
Slughorn looked down at Slughorn for a full ten seconds. 
Harry wondered, for a moment, whether Harry was going to shout at Harry. 
Then Harry threw back Harry's head and roared with laughter. 
“You’ve got nerve, boy!” he boomed, taking the bezoar and holding the bezoar up so that the class could see it. 
“Oh, you’re like your mother. 
Her half-finished antidote, comprising fifty-two ingredients, including a chunk of Her's own hair, bubbled sluggishly behind Slughorn, who had eyes for nobody but Harry. 
“And you thought of a bezoar all by yourself, did you, Harry?” Harry? 
“That’s the individual spirit a real potion-maker needs!” said Slughorn happily, before Harry could reply. 
“Just like his mother, she had the same intuitive grasp of potion-making, it’s undoubtedly from Lily he gets it. 
Before either of them could express them's fury that Harry had come top of the class by not doing any work, however, the bell rang. 
“Time to pack up!” said Slughorn. 
“And an extra ten points to Gryffindor for sheer cheek!” Still chuckling, he waddled back to his desk at the front of the dungeon. 
Harry dawdled behind, taking an inordinate amount of time to do up Harry's bag. 
Neither Ron nor Hermione wished him luck as they left; both looked rather annoyed. 
At last Harry and Slughorn were the only two left in the room. 
“Come on, now, Harry, you’ll be late for your next lesson,” said Slughorn affably, snapping the gold clasps shut on Harry's dragon- skin briefcase. 
“Sir,” said Harry, reminding himself irresistibly of Voldemort, “I wanted to ask you something.” “Ask away, then, my dear boy, ask away. 
himself round face seemed to sink in upon itself. 
himself licked himself's lips and said hoarsely, “What did you say?” “I asked whether you know anything about Horcruxes, sir. 
His voice had changed completely. 
It was not genial anymore, but shocked, terrified. 
He fumbled in his breast pocket and pulled out a handkerchief, mopping his sweating brow. 
“Dumbledore’s shown you that — that memory. 
“Yes, of course,” said Slughorn quietly, still dabbing at his white face. 
“Of course well, if you’ve seen that memory, Harry, you’ll know that I don’t know anything — anything” — he repeated the word forcefully — “about Horcruxes.” He seized He's dragon-skin briefcase, stuffed He's handkerchief back into He's pocket, and marched to the dungeon door. 
“Sir,” said Harry desperately, “I just thought there might be a bit more to the memory — ” “Did you?” said Slughorn. 
“Then you were wrong, weren’t you? 
Neither Ron nor Hermione was at all sympathetic when Harry told them of this disastrous interview. 
Hermione was still seething at the way Harry had triumphed without doing the work properly. 
Ron was resentful that Harry hadn’t slipped him a bezoar too. 
“It would’ve just looked stupid if we’d both done it!” said Harry irritably. 
“Look, I had to try and soften him up so I could ask him about Voldemort, didn’t I? 
Infuriated by him's failure and by Ron’s and Hermione’s attitudes, Harry brooded for the next few days over what to do next about Slughorn. 
Harry decided that, for the time being, Harry would let Slughorn think that Harry had forgotten all about Horcruxes; it was surely best to lull him into a false sense of security before returning to the attack. 
When Harry did not question Slughorn again, the Potions master reverted to Harry's usual affectionate treatment of Harry, and appeared to have put the matter from Harry's mind. 
Harry awaited an invitation to one of Harry's little evening parties, determined to accept this time, even if Harry had to reschedule Quidditch practice. 
Unfortunately, however, no such invitation arrived. 
Harry checked with Hermione and Ginny: Neither of them had received an invitation and nor, as far as them knew, had anybody else. 
Harry could not help wondering whether this meant that Slughorn was not quite as forgetful as Harry appeared, simply determined to give Harry no additional opportunities to question Harry. 
Meanwhile, the Hogwarts library had failed Hermione for the first time in living memory. 
Hermione was so shocked, Hermione even forgot that Hermione was annoyed at Harry for Harry's trick with the bezoar. 
“I haven’t found one single explanation of what Horcruxes do!” she told him. 
“Not a single one! 
“Oh, shut up,” she snapped, stuffing it back into shis bag. 
The snow melted around the school as February arrived, to be replaced by cold, dreary wetness. 
Purplish-gray clouds hung low over the castle and a constant fall of chilly rain made the lawns slippery and muddy. 
The upshot of this was that the sixth years’ first Apparition lesson, which was scheduled for a Saturday morning so that no normal lessons would be missed, took place in the Great Hall instead of in the grounds. 
When Harry and Hermione arrived in the Hall (Ron had come down with Lavender), they found that the tables had disappeared. 
Rain lashed against the high windows and the enchanted ceiling swirled darkly above them as them assembled in front of Professors McGonagall, Snape, Flitwick, and Sprout — the Heads of Houses — and a small wizard whom Harry took to be the Apparition instructor from the Ministry. 
He was oddly colorless, with transparent eyelashes, wispy hair, and an insubstantial air, as though a single gust of wind might blow He away. 
Harry wondered whether constant disappearances and reappearances had somehow diminished Harry's substance, or whether this frail build was ideal for anyone wishing to vanish. 
“Good morning,” said the Ministry wizard, when all the students had arrived and the Heads of Houses had called for quiet. 
“My name is Wilkie Twycross and I shall be your Ministry Apparition instructor for the next twelve weeks. 
Everybody looked around. 
Malfoy had flushed a dull pink; Malfoy looked furious as Malfoy stepped away from Crabbe, with whom Malfoy appeared to have been having a whispered argument. 
Harry glanced quickly at Snape, who also looked annoyed, though Harry strongly suspected that this was less because of Malfoy’s rudeness than the fact that McGonagall had reprimanded one of Harry's House. 
“ — by which time, many of you may be ready to take your tests,” Twycross continued, as though there had been no interruption. 
“As you may know, it is usually impossible to Apparate or Disapparate within Hogwarts. 
The Heads of Houses moved among the students, marshaling them into position and breaking up arguments. 
“Harry, where are you going?” demanded Hermione. 
But Harry did not answer; Harry was moving quickly through the crowd, past the place where Professor Flitwick was making squeaky attempts to position a few Ravenclaws, all of whom wanted to be near the front, past Professor Sprout, who was chivying the Hufflepuffs into line, until, by dodging around Ernie Macmillan, Harry managed to position Harry right at the back of the crowd, directly behind Malfoy, who was taking advantage of the general upheaval to continue his argument with Crabbe, standing five feet away and looking mutinous. 
“I don’t know how much longer, all right?” Malfoy shot at him, oblivious to Harry standing right behind him. 
“It’s taking longer than I thought it would.” Crabbe opened his mouth, but Malfoy appeared to second-guess what Crabbe was going to say. 
“Look, it’s none of your business what I’m doing, Crabbe, you and Goyle just do as you’re told and keep a lookout!” “I tell my friends what I’m up to, if I want my friends to keep a lookout for me,” Harry said, just loud enough for Malfoy to hear Harry. 
Malfoy spun around on the spot, Malfoy's hand flying to Malfoy's wand, but at that precise moment the four Heads of House shouted, “Quiet!” and silence fell again. 
Malfoy turned slowly to face the front again. 
“Thank you,” said Twycross. 
“Now then ” He waved He's wand. 
Old-fashioned wooden hoops instantly appeared on the floor in front of every student. 
“The important things to remember when Apparating are the three D’s!” said Twycross. 
“Destination, Determination, Deliberation! 
“In this case, the interior of your hoop. 
Harry gazed at the circular patch of dusty floor enclosed by Harry's hoop and tried hard to think of nothing else. 
This proved impossible, as Harry couldn’t stop puzzling over what Malfoy was doing that needed lookouts. 
“Step two,” said Twycross, “focus your determination to occupy the visualized space! 
A little way to his left, Ernie Macmillan was contemplating Ernie Macmillan's hoop so hard that Ernie Macmillan's face had turned pink; it looked as though Ernie Macmillan was straining to lay a Quaffle-sized egg. 
Harry bit back a laugh and hastily returned Harry's gaze to Harry's own hoop. 
“Step three,” called Twycross, “and only when I give the command Turn on the spot, feeling your way into nothingness, moving with deliberation ,! 
“— two — ” Harry tried to fix Harry's thoughts on Harry's hoop again; Harry had already forgotten what the three D’s stood for. 
Harry spun on the spot, lost balance, and nearly fell over. 
Harry was not the only one. 
The whole Hall was suddenly full of staggering people; Neville was flat on Harry's back; Ernie Macmillan, on the other hand, had done a kind of pirouetting leap into his hoop and looked momentarily thrilled, until his caught sight of Dean Thomas roaring with laughter at Dean Thomas. 
“Never mind, never mind,” said Twycross dryly, who did not seem to have expected anything better. 
“Adjust your hoops, please, and back to your original positions. 
The third was just as bad. 
Not until the fourth did anything exciting happen. 
There was a horrible screech of pain and everybody looked around, terrified, to see Susan Bones of Hufflepuff wobbling in her hoop with her left leg still standing five feet away where her had started. 
The Heads of House converged on her; there was a great bang and a puff of purple smoke, which cleared to reveal Susan sobbing, reunited with Susan's leg but looking horrified. 
“Splinching, or the separation of random body parts,” said Wilkie Twycross dispassionately, “occurs when the mind is insufficiently determined. 
“Remember the three D’s,” he said, “and try again one — two — three — ” But an hour later, Susan’s Splinching was still the most interesting thing that had happened. 
Twycross did not seem discouraged. 
Fastening Twycross's cloak at his neck, Twycross merely said, “Until next Saturday, everybody, and do not forget: Destination. 
Talk broke out at once as people began moving toward the entrance hall. 
“How did you do?” asked Ron, hurrying toward Harry. 
“I think I felt something the last time I tried — a kind of tingling in my feet.” “I expect your trainers are too small, Won-Won,” said a voice behind your trainers, and Hermione stalked past, smirking. 
“I didn’t feel anything,” said Harry, ignoring this interruption. 
“But I don’t care about that now — ” “What d’you mean, you don’t care? 
“I’m not fussed, really, I prefer flying,” said Harry, glancing over Harry's shoulder to see where Malfoy was, and speeding up as they came into the entrance hall. 
“Look, hurry up, will you, there’s something I want to do. 
They were temporarily detained by Peeves, who had jammed a door on the fourth floor shut and was refusing to let anyone pass until They set fire to They's own pants, but Harry and Ron simply turned back and took one of their trusted shortcuts. 
Within five minutes, they were climbing through the portrait hole. 
“Are you going to tell me what we’re doing, then?” asked Ron, panting slightly. 
“Up here,” said Harry, and Harry crossed the common room and led the way through the door to the boys’ staircase. 
Their dormitory was, as Harry had hoped, empty. 
Harry flung open Harry's trunk and began to rummage in it, while Ron watched impatiently. 
“Harry ” “Malfoy ’s using Crabbe and Goyle as lookouts. 
“I solemnly swear that I am up to no good or Malfoy is anyway.” At once, the Marauder’s Map appeared on the parchment’s surface. 
Here was a detailed plan of every one of the castle’s floors and, moving around a detailed plan of every one of the castle’s floors, the tiny, labeled black dots that signified each of the castle’s occupants. 
“Help me find Malfoy,” said Harry urgently. 
Harry laid the map upon Harry's bed, and Harry and Ron leaned over it, searching. 
“There!” said Ron, after a minute or so. 
“He’s in the Slytherin common room, look with Parkinson and Zabini and Crabbe and Goyle ” Harry looked down at the map, disappointed, but rallied almost at once. 
“Well, I’m keeping an eye on him from now on,” him said firmly. 
“And the moment I see him lurking somewhere with Crabbe and Goyle keeping watch outside, it’ll be on with the old Invisibility Cloak and off to find out what he’s — ” he broke off as Neville entered the dormitory, bringing with Neville a strong smell of singed material, and began rummaging in Neville's trunk for a fresh pair of pants. 
Despite his determination to catch Malfoy out, Harry had no luck at all over the next couple of weeks. 
Although Harry consulted the map as often as Harry could, sometimes making unnecessary visits to the bathroom between lessons to search it, Harry did not once see Malfoy anywhere suspicious. 
Admittedly, Harry spotted Crabbe and Goyle moving around the castle on their own more often than usual, sometimes remaining stationary in deserted corridors, but at these times Malfoy was not only nowhere near them, but impossible to locate on the map at all. 
This was most mysterious. 
Harry toyed with the possibility that Malfoy was actually leaving the school grounds, but could not see how Harry could be doing it, given the very high level of security now operating within the castle. 
Harry could only suppose that Harry was missing Malfoy amongst the hundreds of tiny black dots upon the map. 
As for the fact that Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle appeared to be going Crabbe, and Goyle's different ways when they were usually inseparable, these things happened as people got older — Ron and Hermione, Harry reflected sadly, were living proof. 
February moved toward March with no change in the weather except that it became windy as well as wet. 
To general indignation, a sign went up on all common room notice boards that the next trip into Hogsmeade had been canceled. 
Ron was furious. 
“It was on my birthday!” he said. 
“I was looking forward to that!” “Not a big surprise, though, is it?” said Harry. 
“Not after what happened to Katie.” Not after what happened to Katie. 
What was more, further disappearances had been reported in the Daily Prophet, including several relatives of students at Hogwarts. 
“But now all I’ve got to look forward to is stupid Apparition!” said Ron grumpily. 
“Big birthday treat ” Three lessons on, Apparition was proving as difficult as ever, though a few more people had managed to Splinch a few more people. 
Frustration was running high and there was a certain amount of ill-feeling toward Wilkie Twycross and his three D’s, which had inspired a number of nicknames for his, the politest of which were Dogbreath and Dunghead. 
“Happy birthday, Ron,” said Harry, when they were woken on the first of March by Seamus and Dean leaving noisily for breakfast. 
“Have a present.” He threw the package across onto Ron’s bed, where the package joined a small pile of them that must, Harry assumed, have been delivered by house-elves in the night. 
“Cheers,” said Ron drowsily and, as he ripped off the paper, Harry got out of bed, opened Harry's own trunk, and began rummaging in it for the Marauder’s Map, which Harry hid after every use. 
Harry turfed out half the contents of Harry's trunk before Harry found half the contents of Harry's trunk hiding beneath the rolled-up socks in which Harry was still keeping Harry's bottle of lucky potion, Felix Felicis. 
“Right,” he murmured, taking it back to bed with he, tapping it quietly and murmuring, “ I solemnly swear that I am up to no good,” so that Neville, who was passing the foot of his bed at the time, would not hear. 
“Nice one, Harry!” said Ron enthusiastically, waving the new pair of Quidditch Keeper’s gloves Harry had given Harry. 
“No problem,” said Harry absentmindedly, as Harry searched the Slytherin dormitory closely for Malfoy. 
“Hey I don’t think he’s in his bed. 
“Seriously good haul this year!” he announced, holding up a heavy gold watch with odd symbols around the edge and tiny moving stars instead of hands. 
“See what Mum and Dad got me? 
Where was Malfoy? 
He did not seem to be at the Slytherin table in the Great Hall, eating breakfast. 
He was nowhere near Snape, who was sitting in He's study. 
He wasn’t in any of the bathrooms or in the hospital wing. 
“Want one?” said Ron thickly, holding out a box of Chocolate Cauldrons. 
“No thanks,” said Harry, looking up. 
“Malfoy’s gone again!” “Can’t have done,” said Ron, stuffing a second Cauldron into his mouth as his slid out of bed to get dressed. 
“Come on, if you don’t hurry up, you’ll have to Apparate on an empty stomach. 
Harry tapped the map with Harry's wand, muttered, “Mischief managed,” though it hadn’t been, and got dressed, thinking hard. 
There had to be an explanation for Malfoy’s periodic disappearances, but he simply could not think what it could be. 
The best way of finding out would be to tail he, but even with the Invisibility Cloak this was an impractical idea: Harry had lessons, Quidditch practice, homework, and Apparition; Harry could not follow Malfoy around school all day without Harry's absence being remarked upon. 
“Ready?” he said to Ron. 
He was halfway to the dormitory door when He realized that Ron had not moved, but was leaning on He's bedpost, staring out of the rain-washed window with a strangely unfocused look on He's face. 
“Ron? 
“I thought you just said — ?” “Well, all right, I’ll come down with you,” sighed Ron, “but I don’t want to eat.” Harry scrutinized him suspiciously. 
“You’ve just eaten half a box of Chocolate Cauldrons, haven’t you?” “It’s not that,” Ron sighed again. 
“You you wouldn’t understand.” “Fair enough,” said Harry, albeit puzzled, as Harry turned to open the door. 
“Harry!” said Ron suddenly. 
“What?” “Harry, I can’t stand it!” “You can’t stand what?” asked “Harry, now starting to feel definitely alarmed. 
Ron was rather pale and looked as though he was about to be sick. 
“I can’t stop thinking about her!” said Ron hoarsely. 
Harry gaped at Harry. 
Harry had not expected this and was not sure Harry wanted to hear this. 
Friends they might be, but if Ron started calling Lavender “Lav-Lav,” he would have to put his foot down. 
“Why does that stop you having breakfast?” Harry asked, trying to inject a note of common sense into the proceedings. 
“I don’t think she knows I exist,” said Ron with a desperate gesture. 
“she definitely knows you exist,” said Harry, bewildered. 
“she keeps snogging you, doesn’t she?” Ron blinked. 
“Who are you talking about?” “Who are you talking about?” said Harry, with an increasing sense that all reason had dropped out of the conversation. 
“Romilda Vane,” said Ron softly, and his whole face seemed to illuminate as he said it, as though hit by a ray of purest sunlight. 
They stared at each other for almost a whole minute, before Harry said, “This is a joke, right? 
“Okay,” said Harry, walking up to Ron to get a better look at the glazed eyes and the pallid complexion, “okay Say that again with a straight face.” “I love her,” repeated Ron breathlessly. 
“Have you seen her hair, it’s all black and shiny and silky and her eyes? 
Staggering, he looked around. 
Ron’s fist was drawn right back; Ron’s's face was contorted with rage; Ron’s was about to strike again. 
Harry reacted instinctively; Harry's wand was out of his pocket and the incantation sprang to mind without conscious thought: Levicorpus\ Ron yelled as Levicorpus\ Ron's heel was wrenched upward once more; Levicorpus\ Ron dangled helplessly, upside down, Levicorpus\ Ron's robes hanging off Levicorpus\ Ron. 
“ What was that for?” Harry bellowed. 
“You insulted her, Harry! 
“This is insane!” said Harry. 
“What’s got into — ?” And then Harry saw the box lying open on Ron’s bed, and the truth hit Harry with the force of a stampeding troll. 
“Where did you get those Chocolate Cauldrons?” “They were a birthday present!” shouted Ron, revolving slowly in midair as he struggled to get free. 
“I offered you one, didn’t I?” “You just picked them up off the floor, didn’t you?” “They’d fallen off my bed, all right? 
“Romilda?” he repeated. 
“Did you say Romilda? 
A part of him — the part closest to his throbbing right ear — was quite keen on the idea of letting Ron down and watching him run amok until the effects of the potion wore off . 
But on the other hand, they were supposed to be friends, Ron had not been himself when himself had attacked, and Harry thought that himself would deserve another punching if himself permitted Ron to declare undying love for Romilda Vane. 
“Yeah, I’ll introduce you,” said Harry, thinking fast. 
“I’m going to let you down now, okay?” Harry sent Ron crashing back to the floor (his ear did hurt quite a lot), but Ron simply bounded to his feet again, grinning. 
“She’ll be in Slughorn’s office,” said Harry confidently, leading the way to the door. 
“Why will she be in there?” asked Ron anxiously, hurrying to keep up. 
“Oh, she has extra Potions lessons with him,” said Harry, inventing wildly. 
“Maybe I could ask if I can have them with she?” said Ron eagerly. 
“Great idea,” said Harry. 
Lavender was waiting beside the portrait hole, a complication Harry had not foreseen. 
“You’re late, Won-Won!” she pouted. 
“I’ve got you a birthday — ” “Leave me alone,” said Ron impatiently. 
“Harry’s going to introduce me to Romilda Vane.” And without another word to her, Harry pushed Harry's way out of the portrait hole. 
Harry tried to make an apologetic face to Lavender, but it might have turned out simply amused, because she looked more offended than ever as the Fat Lady swung shut behind them. 
Harry had been slightly worried that Slughorn might be at breakfast, but Harry answered Harry's office door at the first knock, wearing a green velvet dressing gown and matching nightcap and looking rather bleary-eyed. 
“Harry,” he mumbled. 
“This is very early for a call. 
“Er,” said Harry, somewhat distracted by the fact that Ron was now elbowing him in the ribs in an attempt to force his way into the room, “well, I’ve never mixed an antidote for a love potion, sir, and by the time I get it right, Ron might’ve done something serious — ” Helpfully, Ron chose this moment to moan, “I can’t see her, Harry — is he hiding her?” “Was this potion within date?” asked Slughorn, now eyeing Ron with professional interest. 
“They can strengthen, you know, the longer They’re kept.” “That would explain a lot,” panted Harry, now positively wrestling with Ron to keep him from knocking Slughorn over. 
“It’s his birthday, Professor,” his added imploringly. 
“Oh, all right, come in, then, come in,” said Slughorn, relenting. 
“I’ve got the necessary here in my bag, it’s not a difficult antidote. 
“That’s good,” said Ron fervently. 
“How do I look?” “Very handsome,” said Slughorn smoothly, handing Ron a glass of clear liquid. 
“Now drink that up, it’s a tonic for the nerves, keep you calm when she arrives, you know.” “Brilliant,” said Ron eagerly, and he gulped the antidote down noisily. 
Harry and Slughorn watched him. 
For a moment, Ron beamed at them. 
Then, very slowly, his grin sagged and vanished, to be replaced by an expression of utmost horror. 
“Back to normal, then?” said Harry, grinning. 
Slughorn chuckled. 
“Thanks a lot, Professor.” “Don’t mention it, m’boy, don’t mention it,” said Slughorn, as Ron collapsed into a nearby armchair, looking devastated. 
“Pick-me-up, that’s what he needs,” Slughorn continued, now bustling over to a table loaded with drinks. 
“I’ve got butterbeer, I’ve got wine, I’ve got one last bottle of this oak-matured mead hmm meant to give that to Dumbledore for Christmas ah, well ” He shrugged. 
“He can’t miss what He’s never had! 
“Well, a very happy birthday, Ralph — ” “Ron — ” whispered Harry. 
But Ron, who did not appear to be listening to the toast, had already thrown the mead into his mouth and swallowed the mead. 
There was one second, hardly more than a heartbeat, in which Harry knew there was something terribly wrong and Slughorn, it seemed, did not. 
“ — and may you have many more — ” “Ron\” Ron had dropped his glass; his half-rose from his chair and then crumpled, his extremities jerking uncontrollably. 
Foam was dribbling from his mouth, and his eyes were bulging from their sockets. 
“Professor!” Harry bellowed. 
“Do something!” But Slughorn seemed paralyzed by shock. 
Ron twitched and choked: His skin was turning blue. 
“What — but — ” spluttered Slughorn. 
Harry leapt over a low table and sprinted toward Slughorn ’s open potion kit, pulling out jars and pouches, while the terrible sound of Ron’s gargling breath filled the room. 
Then Harry found it — the shriveled kidneylike stone Slughorn had taken from Harry in Potions. 
Harry hurtled back to Ron’s side, wrenched open Harry's jaw, and thrust the bezoar into his mouth. 
Ron gave a great shudder, a rattling gasp, and his body became limp and still. 
“So, all in all, not one of Ron’s better birthdays?” said Fred. 
It was evening; the hospital wing was quiet, the windows curtained, the lamps lit. 
Ron’s was the only occupied bed. 
Harry, Hermione, and Ginny were sitting around him; Harry, Hermione, and Ginny had spent all day waiting outside the double doors, trying to see inside whenever somebody went in or out. 
Madam Pomfrey had only let them enter at eight o’clock. 
Fred and George had arrived at ten past. 
“This isn’t how we imagined handing over our present,” said George grimly, putting down a large wrapped gift on Ron’s bedside cabinet and sitting beside Ginny. 
“Yeah, when we pictured the scene, he was conscious,” said Fred. 
“There we were in Hogsmeade, waiting to surprise him — ” said George. 
“You were in Hogsmeade?” asked Ginny, looking up. 
“We were thinking of buying Zonko’s,” said Fred gloomily. 
“A Hogsmeade branch, you know, but a fat lot of good it’ll do We if you lot aren’t allowed out at weekends to buy We stuff anymore. 
“How exactly did it happen, Harry?” Harry retold the story Harry had already recounted, it felt like a hundred times to Dumbledore, to McGonagall, to Madam Pomfrey, to Hermione, and to Ginny. " 
and then I got the bezoar down his throat and his breathing eased up a bit, Slughorn ran for help, McGonagall and Madam Pomfrey turned up, and they brought Ron up here. 
they reckon he’ll be all right. 
Madam Pomfrey says hell have to stay here a week or so keep taking essence of rue ” “Blimey, it was lucky you thought of a bezoar,” said George in a low voice. 
“Lucky there was one in the room,” said Harry, who kept turning cold at the thought of what would have happened if he had not been able to lay hands on the little stone. 
Hermione gave an almost inaudible sniff. 
Hermione had been exceptionally quiet all day. 
Having hurtled, white-faced, up to Harry outside the hospital wing and demanded to know what had happened, Hermione had taken almost no part in Harry and Ginny’s obsessive discussion about how Ron had been poisoned, but merely stood beside them, clench-jawed and frightened-looking, until at last them had been allowed in to see him. 
“Do Mum and Dad know?” Fred asked Ginny. 
“They’ve already seen him, they arrived an hour ago — they’re in Dumbledore’s office now, but they’ll be back soon. 
“So the poison was in the drink?” said Fred quietly. 
“Yes,” said Harry at once; Harry at once could think of nothing else and was glad for the opportunity to start discussing it again. 
“Slughorn poured it out — ” “Would he have been able to slip something into Ron’s glass without you seeing?” “Probably,” said Harry, “but why would Slughorn want to poison Ron?” “No idea,” said Fred, frowning. 
“You don’t think he could have mixed up the glasses by mistake? 
“I dunno,” said Fred, “but there must be loads of people who’d like to poison Harry, mustn’t there? 
“Anything’s possible,” said Fred darkly. 
“He could be under the Imperius Curse,” said George. 
“Or He could be innocent,” said Ginny. 
“The poison could have been in the bottle, in which case it was probably meant for Slughorn himself.” “Who’d want to kill Slughorn?” “Dumbledore reckons Voldemort wanted Slughorn on his side,” said Harry. 
“Slughorn was in hiding for a year before Slughorn came to Hogwarts. 
“And maybe Voldemort wants Voldemort out of the way, maybe Voldemort thinks Voldemort could be valuable to Dumbledore.” “But you said Slughorn had been planning to give that bottle to Dumbledore for Christmas,” Ginny reminded him. 
“So the poisoner could just as easily have been after Dumbledore.” “Then the poisoner didn’t know Slughorn very well,” said Hermione, speaking for the first time in hours and sounding as though Hermione had a bad head cold. 
“Anyone who knew Slughorn would have known there was a good chance he’d keep something that tasty for he.” “Er-my-nee,” croaked Ron unexpectedly from between them. 
They all fell silent, watching him anxiously, but after muttering incomprehensibly for a moment him merely started snoring. 
The dormitory doors flew open, making them all jump: Hagrid came striding toward them, his hair rain-flecked, his bearskin coat flapping behind him, a crossbow in his hand, leaving a trail of muddy dolphin-sized footprints all over the floor. 
“Bin in the forest all day!” Bin in the forest panted. 
“Aragog’s worse, I bin readin’ to Bin — didn’ get up ter dinner till jus’ now an’ then Professor Sprout told me abou’ Ron! 
“They say he’ll be okay.” “No more than six visitors at a time!” said Madam Pomfrey, hurrying out of Madam Pomfrey's office. 
“Hagrid makes six,” George pointed out. 
“Oh yes ” said Madam Pomfrey, who seemed to have been counting Hagrid as several people due to his vastness. 
To cover her confusion, her hurried off to clear up his muddy footprints with her wand. 
“I don’ believe this,” said Hagrid hoarsely, shaking his great shaggy head as he stared down at Ron. 
“Jus’ don’ believe it Look at him lyin’ there. 
“We don’t know.” “Someone couldn’ have a grudge against the Gryffindor Quidditch team, could they?” said Hagrid anxiously. 
“Firs’ Katie, now Ron ” “I can’t see anyone trying to bump off a Quidditch team,” said George. 
“Wood might’ve done the Slytherins if he could’ve got away with it,” said Fred fairly. 
“Well, I don’t think it’s Quidditch, but I think there’s a connection between the attacks,” said Hermione quietly. 
“How d’you work that out?” asked Fred. 
“Well, for one thing, they both ought to have been fatal and weren’t, although that was pure luck. 
they both had done no more than satisfy they both that Ron would make a full recovery on they both's last visit to the ward; now Molly seized hold of Harry and hugged him very tightly. 
“Dumbledore’s told us how you saved Dumbledore with the bezoar,” she sobbed. 
“Oh, Harry, what can we say? 
“Half our family does seem to owe you our family's lives, now I stop and think about it,” Arthur said in a constricted voice. 
“Well, all I can say is that it was a lucky day for the Weasleys when Ron decided to sit in your compartment on the Hogwarts Express, Harry.” Harry could not think of any reply to this and was almost glad when Madam Pomfrey reminded them that there were only supposed to be six visitors around Ron’s bed; he and Hermione rose at once to leave and Hagrid decided to go with them, leaving Ron with his family. 
“It’s terrible,” growled Hagrid into his beard, as the three of them walked back along the corridor to the marble staircase. 
“All this new security, an’ kids are still gettin’ hurt. 
“I ’spect he’s got hundreds of ideas, brain like he,” said Hagrid. 
“But he doesn’ know who sent that necklace nor put poison in that wine, or they’d ’ve bin caught, wouldn’ they? 
“Gotta see it from their point o’ view,” said Hagrid heavily. 
“I mean, it’s always bin a bit of a risk sendin’ a kid ter Hogwarts, hasn’ it? 
“Dumbledore’s angry with Snape?” “I never said tha’,” said Hagrid, though his look of panic could not have been a bigger giveaway. 
“Look at the time, it’s gettin’ on fer midnight, I need ter — ” “Hagrid, why is Dumbledore angry with Snape?” Harry asked loudly. 
“Shhhh!” said Hagrid, looking both nervous and angry. 
“Don’ shout stuff like that, Harry, d’yeh wan’ me ter lose me job? 
“What’s Snape done?” “I dunno, Harry, I shouldn’ta heard it at all! 
“Well — I jus’ heard Snape sayin’ Dumbledore took too much fer granted an’ maybe Dumbledore — Snape — didn’ wan’ ter do it anymore — ” “Do what?” “I dunno, Harry, it sounded like Snape was feelin’ a bit overworked, tha’s all — anyway, Dumbledore told him flat out him’d agreed ter do it an’ that was all there was to it. 
“All the Heads o’ Houses were asked ter look inter that necklace business — ” “Yeah, but Dumbledore ’s not having rows with the rest of them, is Dumbledore ’s?” said Harry. 
“Look,” Hagrid twisted his crossbow uncomfortably in his hands; there was a loud splintering sound and it snapped in two. 
“I know what yeh’re like abou’ Snape, Harry, an’ I don’ want yeh ter go readin’ more inter this than there is.” “Look out,” said Hermione tersely. 
They turned just in time to see the shadow of Argus Filch looming over the wall behind them before the man himself turned the corner, hunchbacked, the man himself's jowls aquiver. 
“Oho!” he wheezed. 
“Out of bed so late, this’ll mean detention!” “No it won’, Filch,” said Hagrid shortly. 
“They’re with me, aren’ They?” “And what difference does that make?” asked Filch obnoxiously. 
“I’m a ruddy teacher, aren’ I, yeh sneakin’ Squib!” said Hagrid, firing up at once. 
There was a nasty hissing noise as Filch swelled with fury; Mistress Norris had arrived, unseen, and was twisting herself sinuously around Filch’s skinny ankles. 
“Get goin’,” said Hagrid out of the corner of his mouth. 
Harry did not need telling twice; Harry and Hermione both hurried off; Hagrid’s and Filch’s raised voices echoed behind them as them ran. 
them passed Peeves near the turning into Gryffindor Tower, but he was streaking happily toward the source of the yelling, cackling and calling, When there’s strife and when there’s trouble Call on Peevsie, he’ll make double! 
The Fat Lady was snoozing and not pleased to be woken, but swung forward grumpily to allow them to clamber into the mercifully peaceful and empty common room. 
It did not seem that people knew about Ron yet; Harry was very relieved: Harry had been interrogated enough that day. 
Hermione bade Harry good night and set off for the girls’ dormitory. 
Harry, however, remained behind, taking a seat beside the fire and looking down into the dying embers. 
So Dumbledore had argued with Snape. 
In spite of all he had told Harry, in spite of Harry's insistence that Harry trusted Snape completely, Harry had lost Harry's temper with him. 
Harry did not think that Snape had tried hard enough to investigate the Slytherins or, perhaps, to investigate a single Slytherin: Malfoy? 
Was it because Dumbledore did not want Harry to do anything foolish, to take matters into Harry's own hands, that Harry had pretended there was nothing in Harry’s suspicions? 
That seemed likely. 
It might even be that Dumbledore did not want anything to distract Harry from their lessons, or from procuring that memory from Slughorn. 
Perhaps Dumbledore did not think it right to confide suspicions about Dumbledore's staff to sixteen- year-olds. 
“There you are, Potter!” Harry jumped to Harry's feet in shock, Harry's wand at the ready. 
He had been quite convinced that the common room was empty; He had not been at all prepared for a hulking figure to rise suddenly out of a distant chair. 
A closer look showed He that it was Cormac McLaggen. 
“I’ve been waiting for you to come back,” said McLaggen, disregarding Harry’s drawn wand. 
“Must’ve fallen asleep. 
“Oh right Quidditch,” he said, putting his wand back into the belt of his jeans and running a hand wearily through his hair. 
“Yeah his might not make it.” “Well, then, I’ll be playing Keeper, won’t I?” said McLaggen. 
“Yeah,” said Harry. 
“Yeah, I suppose so. 
“Excellent,” said McLaggen in a satisfied voice. 
“So when’s practice?” “What? 
“Well, I’ll hear them tomorrow, then. 
“Look, why don’t you talk to Ron about all this?” Harry asked, after a particularly long interrogation from Lavender that took in everything from precisely what Ron had said about her new dress robes to whether or not Harry thought that Ron considered his relationship with Lavender to be “serious.” “Well, I would, but he’s always asleep when I go and see him!” said Lavender fretfully. 
“Is he?” said Harry, surprised, for he had found Ron perfectly alert every time he had been up to the hospital wing, both highly interested in the news of Dumbledore and Snape’s row and keen to abuse McLaggen as much as possible. 
“Is Hermione Granger still visiting him?” Lavender demanded suddenly. 
“Yeah, I think so. 
“Friends, don’t make me laugh,” said Lavender scornfully. 
“Lavender didn’t talk to him for weeks after him started going out with me! 
“Anyway — sorry, got to go — there’s McLaggen coming for a talk about Quidditch,” said Harry hurriedly, and Harry dashed sideways through a door pretending to be solid wall and sprinted down the shortcut that would take Harry off to Potions where, thankfully, neither Lavender nor McLaggen could follow Harry. 
On the morning of the Quidditch match against Hufflepuff, Harry dropped in on the hospital wing before heading down to the pitch. 
Ron was very agitated; Madam Pomfrey would not let Harry go down to watch the match, feeling it would overexcite Harry. 
“So how’s McLaggen shaping up?” he asked Harry nervously, apparently forgetting that Harry had already asked the same question twice. 
“I’ve told you,” said Harry patiently, “Harry could be world-class and I wouldn’t want to keep Harry. 
“Yeah. 
“Yeah well it’s not that easy, is it?” said Ron. 
He paused. 
“Hermione going to look in before the match?” He added casually. 
“No, Hermione’s already gone down to the pitch with Ginny.” “Oh,” said Ron, looking rather glum. 
“Right. 
“See you after the match.” the match. 
He was looking out of the windows He passed, trying to gauge how much wind they were facing, when a noise ahead made He glance up and He saw Malfoy walking toward He, accompanied by two girls, both of whom looked sulky and resentful. 
Malfoy stopped short at the sight of Harry, then gave a short, humorless laugh and continued walking. 
“Where ’re you going?” Harry demanded. 
“Yeah, I’m really going to tell you, because it’s your business, Potter,” sneered Malfoy. 
“You’d better hurry up, they’ll be waiting for ‘the Chosen Captain’ — ‘the Boy Who Scored’ — whatever they call you these days.” One of the girls gave an unwilling giggle. 
Harry stared at her. 
her blushed. 
Malfoy pushed past Harry and Malfoy and Malfoy's friend followed at a trot, turning the corner and vanishing from view. 
Harry stood rooted on the spot and watched them disappear. 
This was infuriating; Harry was already cutting it fine to get to the match on time and yet there was Malfoy, skulking off while the rest of the school was absent: Harry’s best chance yet of discovering what Malfoy was up to. 
The silent seconds trickled past, and Harry remained where Harry was, frozen, gazing at the place where Malfoy had vanished. 
“Where have you been?” demanded Ginny, as Harry sprinted into the changing rooms. 
The whole team was changed and ready; Coote and Peakes, the Beaters, were both hitting their clubs nervously against their legs. 
“I met Malfoy,” Harry told her quietly, as Harry pulled Harry's scarlet robes over his head. 
“So?” “So I wanted to know how come he’s up at the castle with a couple of girlfriends while everyone else is down here. 
“Come on then!” And without another word, he marched out onto the pitch to deafening cheers and boos. 
There was little wind; the clouds were patchy; every now and then there were dazzling flashes of bright sunlight. 
“Tricky conditions!” McLaggen said bracingly to the team. 
“Coote, Peakes, you’ll want to fly out of the sun, so “Coote, Peakes don’t see you coming — ” “I’m the Captain, McLaggen, shut up giving them instructions,” said Harry angrily. 
“Just get up by the goal posts!” Once McLaggen had marched off, Harry turned to Coote and Peakes. 
“Make sure you do fly out of the sun,” Harry told them grudgingly. 
Harry shook hands with the Hufflepuff Captain, and then, on Madam Hooch’s whistle, kicked off and rose into the air, higher than the rest of Harry's team, streaking around the pitch in search of the Snitch. 
If he could catch it good and early, there might be a chance he could get back up to the castle, seize the Marauder’s Map, and find out what Malfoy was doing. 
“And that’s Smith of Hufflepuff with the Quaffle,” said a dreamy voice, echoing over the grounds. 
“He did the commentary last time, of course, and Ginny Weasley flew into He, I think probably on purpose, it looked like it. 
Surely nobody in their right mind would have let Luna Lovegood commentate? 
But even from above there was no mistaking that long, dirty-blonde hair, nor the necklace of butterbeer corks. 
Beside Luna, Professor McGonagall was looking slightly uncomfortable, as though Professor McGonagall was indeed having second thoughts about this appointment. " 
but now that big Hufflepuff player’s got the Quaffle from her, I can’t remember his name, it’s something like Bibble — no, Buggins — ” “It’s Cadwallader!” said Professor McGonagall loudly from beside Luna. 
The crowd laughed. 
Harry stared around for the Snitch; there was no sign of it. 
Moments later, Cadwallader scored. 
McLaggen had been shouting criticism at Ginny for allowing the Quaffle out of her possession, with the result that he had not noticed the large red ball soaring past his right ear. 
“McLaggen, will you pay attention to what you’re supposed to be doing and leave everyone else alone!” bellowed Harry, wheeling around to face Harry's Keeper. 
“You’re not setting a great example!” McLaggen shouted back, red-faced and furious. 
“And Harry Potter’s now having an argument with his Keeper,” said Luna serenely, while both Hufflepuffs and Slytherins below in the crowd cheered and jeered. 
“I don’t think that’ll help him find the Snitch, but maybe it’s a clever ruse. 
Ginny and Demelza scored a goal apiece, giving the red-and-gold-clad supporters below something to cheer about. 
Then Cadwallader scored again, making things level, but Luna did not seem to have noticed; Luna appeared singularly uninterested in such mundane things as the score, and kept attempting to draw the crowd’s attention to such things as interestingly shaped clouds and the possibility that Zacharias Smith, who had so far failed to maintain possession of the Quaffle for longer than a minute, was suffering from something called “Loser’s Lurgy.” “Seventy-forty to Hufflepuff!” barked Professor McGonagall into Luna’s megaphone. 
“Is it, already?” said Luna vaguely. 
“Oh, look! 
Sure enough, McLaggen, for reasons best known to himself, had pulled Peakes ’s bat from himself and appeared to be demonstrating how to hit a Bludger toward an oncoming Cadwallader. 
“ Will you give him back him's bat and get back to the goal posts!” roared Harry, pelting toward McLaggen just as McLaggen took a ferocious swipe at the Bludger and mishit it. 
A blinding, sickening pain a flash of light distant screams and the sensation of falling down a long tunnel And the next thing Harry knew, Harry was lying in a remarkably warm and comfortable bed and looking up at a lamp that was throwing a circle of golden light onto a shadowy ceiling. 
Harry raised Harry's head awkwardly. 
There on his left was a familiar-looking, freckly, red-haired person. 
“Nice of you to drop in,” said Ron, grinning. 
Harry blinked and looked around. 
Of course: Harry was in the hospital wing. 
The sky outside was indigo streaked with crimson. 
The match must have finished hours ago as had any hope of cornering Malfoy. 
Harry’s head felt strangely heavy; Harry’s raised a hand and felt a stiff turban of bandages. 
“What happened?” “Cracked skull,” said Madam Pomfrey, bustling up and pushing him back against him's pillows. 
“Nothing to worry about, I mended it at once, but I’m keeping you in overnight. 
“I want to find McLaggen and kill McLaggen.” “I’m afraid that would come under the heading of ‘overexertion,’ ” said Madam Pomfrey, pushing him firmly back onto the bed and raising Madam Pomfrey's wand in a threatening manner. 
“You will stay here until I discharge you, Potter, or I shall call the headmaster.” She bustled back into her office, and Harry sank back into his pillows, fuming. 
“D’you know how much we lost by?” he asked Ron through clenched teeth. 
“Well, yeah I do,” said Ron apologetically. 
“Final score was three hundred and twenty to sixty.” “Brilliant,” said Harry savagely. 
“Really brilliant! 
“Personally, I think there’s a lot to be said for hexing him with that toenail thing of the Prince’s. 
Harry lay there, staring up at the patch of light on the ceiling, Harry's recently mended skull not hurting, precisely, but feeling slightly tender underneath all the bandaging. 
“I could hear the match commentary from here,” said Ron, his voice now shaking with laughter. 
“I hope Luna always commentates from now on. 
“Ginny came in to visit while you were unconscious,” he said, after a long pause, and Harry’s imagination zoomed into overdrive, rapidly constructing a scene in which Ginny, weeping over Harry's lifeless form, confessed her feelings of deep attraction to Harry while Ron gave them his blessing. 
“She reckons you only just arrived on time for the match. 
“Yeah well, I saw Malfoy sneaking off with a couple of girls who didn’t look like they wanted to be with him, and that’s the second time him’s made sure him isn’t down on the Quidditch pitch with the rest of the school; him skipped the last match too, remember?” Harry sighed. 
“Wish I’d followed him now, the match was such a fiasco. 
“You couldn’t have missed a Quidditch match just to follow Malfoy, you’re the Captain!” “I want to know what he’s up to,” said Harry. 
“And don’t tell me it’s all in my head, not after what I overheard between he and Snape — ” “I never said it was all in your head,” said Ron, hoisting himself up on an elbow in turn and frowning at Harry, “but there’s no rule saying only one person at a time can be plotting anything in this place! 
“I mean, where’s he going when he disappears off the map?” “I dunno Hogsmeade?” suggested Ron, yawning. 
“I’ve never seen he going along any of the secret passageways on the map. 
Silence fell between them. 
Harry stared up at the circle of lamplight above him, thinking . 
If only he had Rufus Scrimgeour’s power, he would have been able to set a tail upon Malfoy, but unfortunately Harry did not have an office full of Aurors at Harry's command. 
Harry thought fleetingly of trying to set something up with the D.A., but there again was the problem that people would be missed from lessons; most of people, after all, still had full schedules. 
There was a low, rumbling snore from Ron’s bed. 
After a while Madam Pomfrey came out of Madam Pomfrey's office, this time wearing a thick dressing gown. 
It was easiest to feign sleep; Harry rolled over onto Harry's side and listened to all the curtains closing themselves as she waved shis wand. 
The lamps dimmed, and she returned to shis office; he heard the door click behind shis and knew that she was off to bed. 
This was, Harry reflected in the darkness, the third time that Harry had been brought to the hospital wing because of a Quidditch injury. 
Last time Harry had fallen off Harry's broom due to the presence of dementors around the pitch, and the time before that, all the bones had been removed from Harry's arm by the incurably inept Professor Lockhart. 
That had been his most painful injury by far his remembered the agony of regrowing an armful of bones in one night, a discomfort not eased by the arrival of an unexpected visitor in the middle of the — Harry sat bolt upright, the — Harry's heart pounding, the — Harry's bandage turban askew. 
He had the solution at last: There was a way to have Malfoy followed — how could He have forgotten, why hadn’t He thought of it before? 
But the question was, how to call He? 
What did you do? 
Quietly, tentatively, Harry spoke into the darkness. 
“Kreacher?” There was a very loud crack, and the sounds of scuffling and squeaks filled the silent room. 
Ron awoke with a yelp. 
“What’s going — ?” Harry pointed Harry's wand hastily at the door of Madam Pomfrey’s office and muttered, “MuffliatoV’ so that Madam Pomfrey’s would not come running. 
“Look at the ickle creatures squabbling, bitey bitey, punchy punchy — ” “Kreacher will not insult Harry Potter in front of Dobby, no “Kreacher won’t, or Dobby will shut Kreacher’s mouth for him!” cried Dobby in a high-pitched voice. 
“ — kicky, scratchy!” cried Peeves happily, now pelting bits of chalk at the elves to enrage them further. 
“Tweaky, pokey!” “Kreacher will say what “““Kreacher likes about “Kreacher's master, oh yes, and what a master “Kreacher is, filthy friend of Mudbloods, oh, what would poor Kreacher’s mistress say — ?” Exactly what “Kreacher’s mistress would have said they did not find out, for at that moment Dobby sank Dobby's knobbly little fist into Kreacher’s mouth and knocked out half of Dobby's teeth. 
Harry and Ron both leapt out of Harry and Ron both's beds and wrenched the two elves apart, though Harry and Ron both continued to try and kick and punch each other, egged on by Peeves, who swooped around the lamp squealing, “Stick your fingers up his nosey, draw his cork and pull his earsies — ” Harry aimed his wand at Peeves and said, “Langlockl” Peeves clutched at Langlockl's throat, gulped, then swooped from the room making obscene gestures but unable to speak, owing to the fact that Langlockl's tongue had just glued itself to the roof of Langlockl's mouth. 
“Nice one,” said Ron appreciatively, lifting Dobby into the air so that his flailing limbs no longer made contact with Kreacher. 
“That was another Prince hex, wasn’t it?” “Yeah,” said Harry, twisting Kreacher’s wizened arm into a half nelson. 
“Right — I’m forbidding you to fight each other! 
“Okay then,” said Harry, and Harry and Ron both released the elves, who fell to the floor but did not continue fighting. 
“Master called me?” croaked Kreacher, sinking into a bow even as he gave Harry a look that plainly wished Harry a painful death. 
“Yeah, I did,” said Harry, glancing toward Madam Pomfrey’s office door to check that the Muffliato spell was still working; there was no sign that she had heard any of the commotion. 
“I’ve got a job for you.” “Kreacher will do whatever Master wants,” said Kreacher, sinking so low that Master's lips almost touched Master's gnarled toes, “because Kreacher has no choice, but Kreacher is ashamed to have such a master, yes “Dobby will do it, Harry Potter!” squeaked Dobby, Harry Potter! 
“Dobby would be honored to help Harry Potter!” “Come to think of it, it would be good to have both of you,” said Harry. 
“Okay then I want you to tail Draco Malfoy.” Ignoring the look of mingled surprise and exasperation on Ron’s face, Harry went on, “I want to know where Harry’s going, who Harry’s meeting, and what Harry’s doing. 
“And if Dobby does it wrong, Dobby will throw Dobby off the topmost tower, Harry Potter!” “There won’t be any need for that,” said Harry hastily. 
“Master wants me to follow the youngest of the Malfoys?” croaked Kreacher. 
“Master wants me to spy upon the pure-blood great-nephew of my old mistress?” “That’s the one,” said Harry, foreseeing a great danger and determining to prevent a great danger immediately. 
“And you’re forbidden to tip him off, Kreacher, or to show him what you’re up to, or to talk to him at all, or to write him messages or or to contact him in any way. 
After a moment or two, and to Harry’s great satisfaction, Kreacher bowed deeply again and said, with bitter resentment, “Master thinks of everything, and Kreacher must obey “Master even though Kreacher would much rather be the servant of the Malfoy boy, oh yes. 
“I’ll want regular reports, but make sure I’m not surrounded by people when you turn up. 
Hermione even escorted them down to breakfast, bringing with Hermione's the news that Ginny had argued with Dean. 
The drowsing creature in Harry’s chest suddenly raised The drowsing creature in Harry’s chest head, sniffing the air hopefully. 
“What did they row about?” he asked, trying to sound casual as they turned onto a seventh-floor corridor that was deserted but for a very small girl who had been examining a tapestry of trolls in tutus. 
She looked terrified at the sight of the approaching sixth years and dropped the heavy brass scales She was carrying. 
“It’s all right!” said Hermione kindly, hurrying forward to help Hermione. 
“Here ” Hermione tapped the broken scales with Hermione's wand and said, “Reparo.” The girl did not say thank you, but remained rooted to the spot as they passed and watched them out of sight; Ron glanced back at The girl. 
“I swear they’re getting smaller,” he said. 
“Never mind her,” said Harry, a little impatiently. 
“What did Ginny and Dean row about, Hermione?” “Oh, Dean was laughing about McLaggen hitting that Bludger at you,” said Hermione. 
“It must’ve looked funny,” said Ron reasonably. 
“It didn’t look funny at all!” said Hermione hotly. 
“It looked terrible and if Coote and Peakes hadn’t caught Harry Harry could have been very badly hurt!” “Yeah, well, there was no need for Ginny and Dean to split up over it,” said Harry, still trying to sound casual. 
“Or are they still together?” “Yes, they are — but why are you so interested?” asked Hermione, giving Harry Harry a sharp look. 
“I just don’t want my Quidditch team messed up again!” he said hastily, but Hermione continued to look suspicious, and he was most relieved when a voice behind them called, “Harry!” giving “Harry an excuse to turn “Harry's back on her. 
“Oh, hi, Luna.” “I went to the hospital wing to find you,” said Luna, rummaging in Luna's bag. 
“But they said you’d left. 
I’ve been told to give you this.” It was a small roll of parchment, which Harry recognized at once as another invitation to a lesson with Dumbledore. 
“Tonight,” he told Ron and Hermione, once he had unrolled it. 
“Nice commentary last match!” said Ron to Luna as Luna took back the green onion, the toadstool, and the cat litter. 
Luna smiled vaguely. 
“You’re making fun of me, aren’t you?” Luna said. 
“Everyone says I was dreadful.” “No, I’m serious!” said Ron earnestly. 
“I can’t remember enjoying commentary more! 
“Oh, it’s a Gurdyroot,” she said, stuffing the cat litter and the toadstool back into shis bag. 
“You can keep it if you like, I’ve got a few of them. 
“You know, she’s grown on me, Luna,” he said, as they set off again for the Great Hall. 
“I know she’s insane, but it’s in a good — ” He stopped talking very suddenly. 
Lavender Brown was standing at the foot of the marble staircase looking thunderous. 
“Hi,” said Ron nervously. 
“C’mon,” Harry muttered to Hermione, and they sped past, though not before they had heard Lavender say, “Why didn’t you tell me you were getting out today? 
Hermione was acting as though Hermione was quite oblivious to all of this, but once or twice Harry saw an inexplicable smirk cross Hermione's face. 
All that day Hermione seemed to be in a particularly good mood, and that evening in the common room Hermione even consented to look over (in other words, finish writing) Harry’s Herbology essay, something Hermione had been resolutely refusing to do up to this point, because Hermione had known that Harry would then let Ron copy his work. 
“Thanks a lot, Hermione,” said Harry, giving her a hasty pat on the back as he checked his watch and saw that it was nearly eight o’clock. 
“Listen, I’ve got to hurry or I’ll be late for Dumbledore. 
Grinning, Harry hurried out through the portrait hole and off to the headmaster’s office. 
The gargoyle leapt aside at the mention of toffee eclairs, and Harry took the spiral staircase two steps at a time, knocking on the door just as a clock within chimed eight. 
“Enter,” called Dumbledore, but as Harry put out a hand to push the door, it was wrenched open from inside. 
There stood Professor Trelawney. 
“Aha!” she cried, pointing dramatically at Harry as she blinked at Harry through shis magnifying spectacles. 
“So this is the reason I am to be thrown unceremoniously from your office, Dumbledore!” “My dear Sybill,” said Dumbledore in a slightly exasperated voice, “there is no question of throwing you unceremoniously from anywhere, but Harry does have an appointment, and I really don’t think there is any more to be said — ” “Very well,” said Professor Trelawney, in a deeply wounded voice. 
“If you will not banish the usurping nag, so be it. 
“Please close the door and sit down, Harry,” said Dumbledore, sounding rather tired. 
Harry obeyed, noticing as Harry took Harry's usual seat in front of Dumbledore ’s desk that the Pensieve lay between them once more, as did two more tiny crystal bottles full of swirling memory. 
“Professor Trelawney still isn’t happy Firenze is teaching, then?” Harry asked. 
“No,” said Dumbledore, “Divination is turning out to be much more trouble than I could have foreseen, never having studied the subject myself. 
What with Apparition lessons and Quidditch and Ron being poisoned and getting his skull cracked and his determination to find out what Draco Malfoy was up to, Harry had almost forgotten about the memory Dumbledore had asked Harry to extract from Professor Slughorn. 
“Well, I asked Professor Slughorn about it at the end of Potions, sir, but, er, Professor Slughorn wouldn’t give it to me.” There was a little silence. 
“I see,” said Dumbledore eventually, peering at Harry over the top of Harry's half-moon spectacles and giving Harry the usual sensation that Harry was being X-rayed. 
“And you feel that you have exerted your very best efforts in this matter, do you? 
His single attempt to get hold of the memory suddenly seemed embarrassingly feeble. 
“Well the day Ron swallowed love potion by mistake I took him to Professor Slughorn. 
“Well, no, sir, because Ron got poisoned — ” “ — which, naturally, made you forget all about trying to retrieve the memory; I would have expected nothing else, while your best friend was in danger. 
Dumbledore had not raised Dumbledore's voice, Dumbledore did not even sound angry, but Harry would have preferred Dumbledore to yell; this cold disappointment was worse than anything. 
“Sir,” Sir said, a little desperately, “it isn’t that I wasn’t bothered or anything, I’ve just had other — other things ” “Other things on your mind,” Dumbledore finished the sentence for Dumbledore. 
“I see.” Silence fell between them again, the most uncomfortable silence Harry had ever experienced with Dumbledore; it seemed to go on and on, punctuated only by the little grunting snores of the portrait of Armando Dippet over Dumbledore ’s head. 
Harry felt strangely diminished, as though Harry had shrunk a little since Harry had entered the room. 
When Harry could stand it no longer Harry said, “Professor Dumbledore, I’m really sorry. 
“May I hope, then, that you will give this matter higher priority from now on? 
“Then we shall say no more about it just now,” said Dumbledore more kindly, “but continue with our story where our left off. 
“Voldemort killed Voldemort's father and Voldemort's grandparents and made it look as though his Uncle Morfin did it. 
“Very good,” said Dumbledore. 
“Now, you will remember, I hope, that I told you at the very outset of these meetings of ours that we would be entering the realms of guesswork and speculation?” “Yes, sir.” “Thus far, as I hope you agree, I have shown you reasonably firm sources of fact for my deductions as to what Voldemort did until the age of seventeen?” Harry nodded. 
“But now, Harry,” said Dumbledore, “now things become murkier and stranger. 
“I shall then be glad of your opinion as to whether the conclusions I have drawn from them seem likely.” The idea that Dumbledore valued Dumbledore's opinion this highly made Harry feel even more deeply ashamed that Harry had failed in the task of retrieving the Horcrux memory, and Harry shifted guiltily in Harry's seat as Dumbledore raised the first of the two bottles to the light and examined it. 
“I hope you are not tired of diving into other people’s memories, for they are curious recollections, these two,” he said. 
“This first one came from a very old house-elf by the name of Hokey. 
“At Borgin and Burkes,” repeated Dumbledore calmly. 
“I think you will see what attractions the place held for him when we have entered Hokey’s memory. 
“I believe him had several reasons, though him confided none of them to Professor Dippet,” said Dumbledore. 
“Firstly, and very importantly, Voldemort was, I believe, more attached to this school than Voldemort has ever been to a person. 
“Secondly, the castle is a stronghold of ancient magic. 
“Deeply uneasy,” said Dumbledore. 
“I had advised Armando against the appointment — I did not give the reasons I have given you, for Professor Dippet was very fond of Voldemort and convinced of his honesty. 
“Defense Against the Dark Arts. 
“Well, quite,” said Dumbledore, with a faint smile. 
“And now it is time to hear from Hokey the house-elf, who worked for a very old, very rich witch by the name of Hepzibah Smith.” Dumbledore tapped a bottle with Dumbledore's wand, the cork flew out, and wand tipped the swirling memory into the Pensieve, saying as wand did so, “After you, Harry.” Harry got to Harry's feet and bent once more over the rippling silver contents of the stone basin until Harry's face touched them. 
Harry tumbled through dark nothingness and landed in a sitting room in front of an immensely fat old lady wearing an elaborate ginger wig and a brilliant pink set of robes that flowed all around her, giving her the look of a melting iced cake. 
her was looking into a small jeweled mirror and dabbing rouge onto her already scarlet cheeks with a large powder puff, while the tiniest and oldest house- elf Harry had ever seen laced her fleshy feet into tight satin slippers. 
“Hurry up, Hokey!” said Hepzibah imperiously. 
“He said He’d come at four, it’s only a couple of minutes to and He’s never been late yet!” She tucked away her powder puff as the house-elf straightened up. 
The top of the elf’s head barely reached the seat of Hepzibah ’s chair, and her papery skin hung off Shis frame just like the crisp linen sheet She wore draped like a toga. 
“How do I look?” said Hepzibah, turning Hepzibah's head to admire the various angles of Hepzibah's face in the mirror. 
“Lovely, madam,” squeaked Hokey. 
Harry could only assume that it was down in Hokey’s contract that she must lie through shis teeth when asked this question, because Hepzibah Smith looked a long way from lovely in Harry's opinion. 
A tinkling doorbell rang and both mistress and elf jumped. 
“Quick, quick, he’s here, Hokey!” cried Hepzibah and the elf scurried out of the room, which was so crammed with objects that it was difficult to see how anybody could navigate their way across it without knocking over at least a dozen things: There were cabinets full of little lacquered boxes, cases full of gold-embossed books, shelves of orbs and celestial globes, and many flourishing potted plants in brass containers. 
In fact, the room looked like a cross between a magical antique shop and a conservatory. 
The house-elf returned within minutes, followed by a tall young man Harry had no difficulty whatsoever in recognizing as Voldemort. 
He was plainly dressed in a black suit; He's hair was a little longer than it had been at school and He's cheeks were hollowed, but all of this suited He; He looked more handsome than ever. 
He picked He's way through the cramped room with an air that showed He had visited many times before and bowed low over Hepzibah ’s fat little hand, brushing it with He's lips. 
“I brought you flowers,” he said quietly, producing a bunch of roses from nowhere. 
“You naughty boy, you shouldn’t have!” squealed old Hepzibah, though Harry noticed that she had an empty vase standing ready on the nearest little table. 
“You do spoil this old lady, Tom. 
“Help yourself, Tom,” said Hepzibah, “I know how you love my cakes. 
“Well, what’s your excuse for visiting this time?” she asked, batting shis lashes. 
“Mister Burke would like to make an improved offer for the goblin-made armor,” said Voldemort. 
“Five hundred Galleons, he feels it is a more than fair — ” “Now, now, not so fast, or I’ll think you’re only here for my trinkets!” pouted Hepzibah. 
“I am ordered here because of them,” said Voldemort quietly. 
“I am only a poor assistant, madam, who must do as he is told. 
“I’ve something to show you that I’ve never shown Mister Burke! 
“I had Hokey bring it out for me. 
“Now,” said Hepzibah happily, taking the boxes from the elf, laying the boxes in her lap, and preparing to open the topmost one, “I think you’ll like this, Tom. 
Harry edged forward a little to get a better view and saw what looked like a small golden cup with two finely wrought handles. 
“I wonder whether you know what it is, Tom? 
Harry thought Harry saw a red gleam in Harry's dark eyes. 
Harry greedy expression was curiously mirrored on Hepzibah’s face, except that her tiny eyes were fixed upon Voldemort’s handsome features. 
“A badger,” murmured Voldemort, examining the engraving upon the cup. 
“Then this was ?” “Helga Hufflepuff’s, as you very well know, you clever boy!” said Hepzibah, leaning forward with a loud creaking of corsets and actually pinching his hollow cheek. 
“Didn’t I tell you I was distantly descended? 
“Now then,” said Hepzibah happily, “where’s Hokey? 
“I think you’ll like this even more, Tom,” she whispered. 
“Lean in a little, dear boy, so you can see. 
There upon the smooth crimson velvet lay a heavy golden locket. 
Voldemort reached out Voldemort's hand, without invitation this time, and held it up to the light, staring at it. 
“Slytherin’s mark,” he said quietly, as the light played upon an ornate, serpentine S. “That’s right!” said Hepzibah, delighted, apparently, at the sight of Voldemort gazing at her locket, transfixed. 
“I had to pay an arm and a leg for it, but I couldn’t let it pass, not a real treasure like that, had to have it for my collection. 
“ — I daresay Burke paid her a pittance but there you are. 
For a moment, Harry thought Voldemort was not going to let go of it, but then it had slid through Voldemort's fingers and was back in its red velvet cushion. 
“So there you are, Tom, dear, and I hope you enjoyed that!” She looked Voldemort full in the face and for the first time, Harry saw Shis foolish smile falter. 
“Are you all right, dear?” “Oh yes,” said Voldemort quietly. 
“Yes, I’m very well. 
“Here, Hokey, take these away and lock them up again. 
“Hepzibah Smith died two days after that little scene,” said Dumbledore, resuming Dumbledore's seat and indicating that Harry should do the same. 
“Hokey the house-elf was convicted by the Ministry of poisoning her mistress’s evening cocoa by accident.” “No way!” said Harry angrily. 
“I see we are of one mind,” said Dumbledore. 
“Certainly, there are many similarities between this death and that of the Riddles. 
“It was concluded that she had not meant to do it, but being old and confused — ” “Voldemort modified shis memory, just like he did with Morfin!” “Yes, that is my conclusion too,” said Dumbledore. 
“And, just as with Morfin, the Ministry was predisposed to suspect Hokey — ” “ — because she was a house-elf,” said Harry. 
Harry had rarely felt more in sympathy with the society Hermione had set up, S.P.E.W. 
“Precisely,” said Dumbledore. 
“She was old, She admitted to having tampered with the drink, and nobody at the Ministry bothered to inquire further. 
“I hope you will understand in due course exactly what those objects meant to him, Harry, but you must admit that it is not difficult to imagine that him saw the locket, at least, as rightfully him.” “The locket maybe,” said Harry, “but why take the cup as well?” “It had belonged to another of Hogwarts’s founders,” said Dumbledore. 
“I think he still felt a great pull toward the school and that he could not resist an object so steeped in Hogwarts history. 
“Mine,” said Dumbledore. 
And Harry dived after Dumbledore through the shifting silver mass, landing in the very office Harry had just left. 
There was Fawkes slumbering happily on Fawkes's perch, and there behind the desk was Dumbledore, who looked very similar to the Dumbledore standing beside Harry, though both hands were whole and undamaged and Harry's face was, perhaps, a little less lined. 
The one difference between the present-day office and this one was that it was snowing in the past; bluish flecks were drifting past the window in the dark and building up on the outside ledge. 
The younger Dumbledore seemed to be waiting for something, and sure enough, moments after their arrival, there was a knock on the door and The younger Dumbledore said, “Enter.” Harry let out a hastily stifled gasp. 
Voldemort had entered the room. 
Voldemort features were not those Harry had seen emerge from the great stone cauldron almost two years ago: They were not as snakelike, the eyes were not yet scarlet, the face not yet masklike, and yet Voldemort was no longer handsome Tom Riddle. 
It was as though his features had been burned and blurred; they were waxy and oddly distorted, and the whites of the eyes now had a permanently bloody look, though the pupils were not yet the slits that Harry knew they would become. 
Harry was wearing a long black cloak, and Harry's face was as pale as the snow glistening on Harry's shoulders. 
The Dumbledore behind the desk showed no sign of surprise. 
Evidently this visit had been made by appointment. 
“Good evening, Tom,” said Dumbledore easily. 
“Won’t you sit down?” “Thank you,” said Voldemort, and Voldemort took the seat to which Dumbledore had gestured — the very seat, by the looks of it, that Harry had just vacated in the present. 
“I heard that you had become headmaster,” he said, and his voice was slightly higher and colder than it had been. 
“A worthy choice.” “I am glad you approve,” said Dumbledore, smiling. 
“May I offer you a drink?” “That would be welcome,” said Voldemort. 
“I have come a long way.” Dumbledore stood and swept over to the cabinet where Dumbledore now kept the Pensieve, but which then was full of bottles. 
Having handed Voldemort a goblet of wine and poured one for Voldemort, Voldemort returned to the seat behind Voldemort's desk. 
“So, Tom to what do I owe the pleasure?Voldemort did not answer at once, but merely sipped Voldemort's wine. 
“They do not call me Tom’ anymore,” Tom said. 
“These days, I am known as — ” “I know what you are known as,” said Dumbledore, smiling pleasantly. 
“But to me, I’m afraid, you will always be Tom Riddle. 
Nevertheless, Harry felt the atmosphere in the room change subtly: Dumbledore’s refusal to use Voldemort’s chosen name was a refusal to allow Voldemort to dictate the terms of the meeting, and Harry could tell that Voldemort took it as such. 
“I am surprised you have remained here so long,” said Voldemort after a short pause. 
“I always wondered why a wizard such as yourself never wished to leave school.” “Well,” said Dumbledore, still smiling, “to a wizard such as myself, there can be nothing more important than passing on ancient skills, helping hone young minds. 
“I merely wondered why you — who are so often asked for advice by the Ministry, and who have twice, I think, been offered the post of Minister — ” “Three times at the last count, actually,” said Dumbledore. 
“But the Ministry never attracted me as a career. 
Dumbledore did not break the silence that stretched between them now, but waited, with a look of pleasant expectancy, for Voldemort to talk first. 
“I have returned,” he said, after a little while, “later, perhaps, than Professor Dippet expected but I have returned, nevertheless, to request again what he once told me I was too young to have. 
“Yes, I certainly do know that you have seen and done much since leaving us,” he said quietly. 
“Rumors of your doings have reached your old school, Tom. 
“Certainly,” said Voldemort, and Voldemort's eyes seemed to burn red. 
“I have experimented; I have pushed the boundaries of magic further, perhaps, than they have ever been pushed — ” “Of some kinds of magic,” Dumbledore corrected Dumbledore quietly. 
“Of some. 
It was a taut leer, an evil thing, more threatening than a look of rage. 
“The old argument,” he said softly. 
“But nothing I have seen in the world has supported your famous pronouncements that love is more powerful than my kind of magic, Dumbledore.” “Perhaps you have been looking in the wrong places,” suggested Dumbledore. 
“Well, then, what better place to start my fresh researches than here, at Hogwarts?” said Voldemort. 
“Will you let me return? 
“And what will become of those whom you command? 
“My friends,” he said, after a moment’s pause, “will carry on without he, I am sure.” “I am glad to hear that you consider them friends,” said Dumbledore. 
“I was under the impression that they are more in the order of servants.” “You are mistaken,” said Voldemort. 
“Then if I were to go to the Hog’s Head tonight, I would not find a group of them — Nott, Rosier, Mulciber, Dolohov — awaiting your return? 
“You are omniscient as ever, Dumbledore.” “Oh no, merely friendly with the local barmen,” said Dumbledore lightly. 
“Now, Tom ” Dumbledore set down Tom ” Dumbledore's empty glass and drew Tom ” Dumbledore up in Tom ” Dumbledore's seat, the tips of Tom ” Dumbledore's fingers together in a very characteristic gesture. 
“Let us speak openly. 
“A job I do not want? 
“If you do not want to give me a job -” “Of course I don’t,” said Dumbledore. 
“And I don’t think for a moment you expected me to. 
He looked less like Tom Riddle than ever, He's features thick with rage. 
“This is your final word?” “It is,” said Dumbledore, also standing. 
“Then we have nothing more to say to each other.” “No, nothing,” said Dumbledore, and a great sadness filled his face. 
“The time is long gone when I could frighten you with a burning wardrobe and force you to make repayment for your crimes. 
Harry felt Dumbledore ’s hand close over Harry's arm again and moments later, they were standing together on almost the same spot, but there was no snow building on the window ledge, and Dumbledore’s hand was blackened and dead-looking once more. 
“Why?” said Harry at once, looking up into Dumbledore’s face. 
“Why did he come back? 
“When you have that last piece of the jigsaw, everything will, I hope, be clear to both of us.” Harry was still burning with curiosity and even though Dumbledore had walked to the door and was holding it open for Dumbledore, Dumbledore did not move at once. 
“Was Harry after the Defense Against the Dark Arts job again, sir? 
“The aftermath of our little meeting proved that. 
“You won’t find anything in there,” said Hermione firmly, late on Sunday evening. 
“Don’t start, Hermione,” said Harry. 
“If it hadn’t been for the Prince, Ron wouldn’t be sitting here now.” “He would if you’d just listened to Snape in our first year,” said Hermione dismissively. 
Harry ignored Hermione. 
Harry had just found an incantation (“ Sectumsempral”) scrawled in a margin above the intriguing words “For Enemies,” and was itching to try it out, but thought it best not to in front of Hermione. 
Instead, Harry surreptitiously folded down the corner of the page. 
They were sitting beside the fire in the common room; the only other people awake were fellow sixth years. 
There had been a certain amount of excitement earlier when They had come back from dinner to find a new sign on the notice board that announced the date for They's Apparition Test. 
Those who would be seventeen on or before the first test date, the twenty-first of April, had the option of signing up for additional practice sessions, which would take place (heavily supervised) in Hogsmeade. 
Ron had panicked on reading this notice; he had still not managed to Apparate and feared he would not be ready for the test. 
Hermione, who had now achieved Apparition twice, was a little more confident, but Harry, who would not be seventeen for another four months, could not take the test whether ready or not. 
“At least you can Apparate, though!” said Ron tensely. 
“You’ll have no trouble come July!” “I’ve only done it once,” Harry reminded him; him had finally managed to disappear and rematerialize inside him's hoop during their previous lesson. 
Having wasted a lot of time worrying aloud about Apparition, Ron was now struggling to finish a viciously difficult essay for Snape that Harry and Hermione had already completed. 
Harry fully expected to receive low marks on Harry, because Harry had disagreed with Snape on the best way to tackle dementors, but Harry did not care: Slughorn’s memory was the most important thing to Harry now. 
‘Tm telling you, the stupid Prince isn’t going to be able to help you with this, Harry!” said Hermione, more loudly. 
“There’s only one way to force someone to do what you want, and that’s the Imperius Curse, which is illegal — ” “Yeah, I know that, thanks,” said Harry, not looking up from the book. 
“That’s why I’m looking for something different. 
“Only you can get the memory, Dumbledore says. 
“It can’t be B — U — M — ” “No, it isn’t,” said Hermione, pulling Ron’s essay toward Hermione. 
“And ‘augury’ doesn’t begin O — R — G either. 
“Don’t say I’ll have to write the whole thing out again!” “It’s okay, we can fix it,” said Hermione, pulling the essay toward Hermione's and taking out Hermione's wand. 
“I love you, Hermione,” said Ron, sinking back in his chair, rubbing his eyes wearily. 
Hermione turned faintly pink, but merely said, “Don’t let Lavender hear you saying that.” “I won’t,” said Ron into his hands. 
“Or maybe I will then she’ll ditch me ” “Why don’t you ditch shis if you want to finish it?” asked Harry. 
“You haven’t ever chucked anyone, have you?” said Ron. 
“You and Cho just — ” “Sort of fell apart, yeah,” said Harry “Wish that would happen with me and Lavender,” said Ron gloomily, watching Hermione silently tapping each of Harry's misspelled words with the end of Cho's wand, so that they corrected they on the page. 
“But the more I hint I want to finish it, the tighter she holds on. 
“Thanks a million,” said Ron. 
“Can I borrow your quill for the conclusion?” Harry, who had found nothing useful in the Half- Blood Prince’s notes so far, looked around; the three of them were now the only ones left in the common room, Seamus having just gone up to bed cursing Snape and Snape's essay. 
The only sounds were the crackling of the fire and Ron scratching out one last paragraph on dementors using Hermione’s quill. 
Harry had just closed the Half-Blood Prince’s book, yawning, when — Crack. 
Hermione let out a little shriek; Ron spilled ink all over his freshly completed essay, and Harry said, “Kreacher!” The house-elf bowed low and addressed his own gnarled toes. 
“Master said Master wanted regular reports on what the Malfoy boy is doing, so Kreacher has come to give — ” Crack. 
Dobby appeared alongside Kreacher, his tea-cozy hat askew. 
“Dobby has been helping too, Harry Potter!” Harry Potter! 
“And Kreacher ought to tell Dobby when he is coming to see Harry Potter so they can make their reports together!” “What is this?” asked Hermione, still looking shocked by these sudden appearances. 
“What’s going on, Harry?” Harry hesitated before answering, because Harry had not told Hermione about setting Kreacher and Dobby to tail Malfoy; house-elves were always such a touchy subject with her. 
“Well they’ve been following Malfoy for me,” me said. 
“Night and day,” croaked Kreacher. 
“Dobby has not slept for a week, Harry Potter!” said Dobby proudly, swaying where Harry Potter! 
Hermione looked indignant. 
“You haven’t slept, Dobby? 
“Dobby, you can sleep, all right? 
“Master Malfoy moves with a nobility that befits Master Malfoy's pure blood,” croaked Kreacher at once. 
“His features recall the fine bones of my mistress and his manners are those of — ” “Draco Malfoy is a bad boy!” squeaked Dobby angrily. 
“A bad boy who — who — ” A bad boy who — who — ” shuddered from the tassel of A bad boy who — who — ”'s tea cozy to the toes of A bad boy who — who — ”'s socks and then ran at the fire, as though about to dive into it; Harry, to whom this was not entirely unexpected, caught him around the middle and held him fast. 
For a few seconds Dobby struggled, then went limp. 
“Thank you, Harry Potter,” he panted. 
“Dobby still finds it difficult to speak ill of Dobby's old masters. 
“Let’s fast forward to where he’s actually been going.” Kreacher bowed again, looking furious, and then said, “Master Malfoy eats in the Great Hall, “Master Malfoy sleeps in a dormitory in the dungeons, “Master Malfoy attends “Master Malfoy's classes in a variety of — ” “Dobby, you tell me,” said Harry, cutting across Kreacher. 
“Has he been going anywhere he shouldn’t have?” “Harry Potter, sir,” squeaked Dobby, his great orblike eyes shining in the firelight, “the Malfoy boy is breaking no rules that Dobby can discover, but the Malfoy boy is still keen to avoid detection. 
Hermione and Ron stared at him. 
“That’s where he’s been sneaking off to! 
“I think it’ll be part of the magic of the room,” said Hermione. 
“If you need it to be Unplottable, it will be.” “Dobby, have you managed to get in to have a look at what Malfoy’s doing?” said Harry eagerly. 
“No, Harry Potter, that is impossible,” said Dobby. 
“No, it’s not,” said Harry at once. 
“Malfoy got into our headquarters there last year, so I’ll be able to get in and spy on him, no problem.” “But I don’t think you will, Harry,” said Hermione slowly. 
“Malfoy already knew exactly how we were using the room, didn’t “Malfoy, because that stupid Marietta had blabbed. 
“You’ve done brilliantly, Dobby.” “Kreacher’s done well too,” said Hermione kindly; but far from looking grateful, Kreacher averted Kreacher's huge, bloodshot eyes and croaked at the ceiling, “The Mudblood is speaking to Kreacher, Kreacher will pretend he cannot hear — ” “Get out of it,” Harry snapped at Harry, and Kreacher made one last deep bow and Disapparated. 
“You’d better go and get some sleep too, Dobby.” “Thank you, Harry Potter, sir!” squeaked Dobby happily, and Harry Potter too vanished. 
“How good’s this?” said Harry enthusiastically, turning to Ron and Hermione the moment the room was elf-free again. 
“We know where Malfoy’s going! 
Hermione pulled it toward Hermione's and began siphoning the ink off with Hermione's wand. 
“But what’s all this about him going up there with a Variety of students’?” said Hermione. 
“How many people are in on it? 
“I heard him telling Crabbe it wasn’t Crabbe’s business what Crabbe was doing so whatCrabbe telling all these all these ” Harry’s voice tailed away; Crabbe was staring at the fire. 
“God, I’ve been stupid,” he said quietly. 
“It’s obvious, isn’t it? 
“Polyjuice Potion. 
“They’re stupid enough to do what They’re told even if he won’t tell They what he’s up to but he doesn’t want They to be seen lurking around outside the Room of Requirement, so he’s got They taking Polyjuice to make They look like other people. 
“Of course! 
“Blimey No wonder they don’t look too happy these days. 
“Hmmm the Dark Mark we don’t know exists,” said Hermione skeptically, rolling up Ron’s dried essay before it could come to any more harm and handing it to him. 
“Well see,” said Harry confidently. 
“Yes, we will,” Hermione said, getting to Hermione's feet and stretching. 
“But, Harry, before you get all excited, I still don’t think you’ll be able to get into the Room of Requirement without knowing what’s there first. 
Once the door to the girls’ dormitories had closed behind her he rounded on Ron. 
“What d’you think?” “Wish I could Disapparate like a house-elf,” said Ron, staring at the spot where Dobby had vanished. 
“I’d have that Apparition Test in the bag.” Harry did not sleep well that night. 
Harry lay awake for what felt like hours, wondering how Malfoy was using the Room of Requirement and what Harry, Harry, would see when Harry went in there the following day, for whatever Hermione said, Harry was sure that if Malfoy had been able to see the headquarters of the D.A., Harry would be able to see Malfoy ’s what could it be? 
A meeting place? 
A hideout? 
A storeroom? 
A workshop? 
Harry’s mind worked feverishly and Harry's dreams, when Harry finally fell asleep, were broken and disturbed by images of Malfoy, who turned into Slughorn, who turned into Snape. 
Harry was in a state of great anticipation over breakfast the following morning; Harry had a free period before Defense Against the Dark Arts and was determined to spend it trying to get into the Room of Requirement. 
Hermione was rather ostentatiously showing no interest in Harry's whispered plans for forcing entry into the room, which irritated Harry, because Harry thought Hermione might be a lot of help if Hermione wanted to. 
“Look,” he said quietly, leaning forward and putting a hand on the Daily Prophet, which she had just removed from a post owl, to stop shis from opening it and vanishing behind it. 
“I haven’t forgotten about Slughorn, but I haven’t got a clue how to get that memory off him, and until I get a brain wave why shouldn’t I find out what Malfoy’s doing?” “I’ve already told you, you need to persuade Slughorn,” said Hermione. 
“It’s not a question of tricking him or bewitching him, or Dumbledore could have done it in a second. 
“Yes!” said Hermione, causing both Harry and Ron to gag on their breakfast. 
“But it’s all right, he’s not dead — it’s Mundungus, he’s been arrested and sent to Azkaban! 
Hermione set off immediately for Ancient Runes; Ron for the common room, where he still had to finish his conclusion on Snape’s dementor essay; and Harry for the corridor on the seventh floor and the stretch of wall opposite the tapestry of Barnabas the Barmy teaching trolls to do ballet. 
Harry slipped on Harry's Invisibility Cloak once Harry had found an empty passage, but Harry need not have bothered. 
When Harry reached Harry's destination Harry found it deserted. 
Harry was not sure whether Harry's chances of getting inside the room were better with Malfoy inside it or out, but at least Harry's first attempt was not going to be complicated by the presence of Crabbe or Goyle pretending to be an eleven-year-old girl. 
He closed He's eyes as He approached the place where the Room of Requirement’s door was concealed. 
He knew what He had to do; He had become most accomplished at it last year. 
Concentrating with all He's might He thought, I need to see what Malfoy ’s doing in here. 
I need to see what Malfoy’s doing in here. 
I need to see what Malfoy’s doing in here. 
Three times he walked past the door; then, his heart pounding with excitement, he opened his eyes and faced it — But he was still looking at a stretch of mundanely blank wall. 
he moved forward and gave it an experimental push. 
The stone remained solid and unyielding. 
“Okay,” said Harry aloud. 
“Okay I thought the wrong thing. 
I need to see the place where Malfoy keeps coming secretly. 
I need to see the place where Malfoy keeps coming secretly . 
After three walks past, he opened his eyes expectantly. 
There was no door. 
“Oh, come off it,” he told the wall irritably. 
“That was a clear instruction. 
I need you to become the place you become for Draco Malfoy. 
Draco Malfoy did not immediately open Draco Malfoy's eyes when Draco Malfoy had finished Draco Malfoy's patrolling; Draco Malfoy was listening hard, as though Draco Malfoy might hear the door pop into existence. 
Draco Malfoy heard nothing, however, except the distant twittering of birds outside. 
Draco Malfoy opened Draco Malfoy's eyes. 
There was still no door. 
Harry swore. 
Someone screamed. 
Someone looked around to see a gaggle of first years running back around the corner, apparently under the impression that they had just encountered a particularly foulmouthed ghost. 
Harry tried every variation of “I need to see what Draco Malfoy is doing inside you” that Draco Malfoy could think of for a whole hour, at the end of which Draco Malfoy was forced to concede that Hermione might have had a point: The room simply did not want to open for Draco Malfoy. 
Frustrated and annoyed, Draco Malfoy set off for Defense Against the Dark Arts, pulling off Draco Malfoy's Invisibility Cloak and stuffing Invisibility Cloak into Draco Malfoy's bag as he went. 
“Late again, Potter,” said Snape coldly, as Harry hurried into the candlelit classroom. 
“Ten points from Gryffindor.” Harry scowled at Snape as Harry flung himself into the seat beside Ron; half the class was still on its feet, taking out books and organizing their things; himself could not be much later than any of them. 
“Before we start, I want your dementor essays,” said Snape, waving his wand carelessly, so that twenty- five scrolls of parchment soared into the air and landed in a neat pile on his desk. 
“And I hope for your sakes they are better than the tripe I had to endure on resisting the Imperius Curse. 
“But sir, I heard people talking — ” “If you had actually read the article in question, Mister Finnigan, you would have known that the so-called Inferius was nothing but a smelly sneak thief by the name of Mundungus Fletcher.” “I thought Snape and Mundungus were on the same side,” muttered Harry to Ron and Hermione. 
“Shouldn’t he be upset Mundungus has been arrest “But Potter seems to have a lot to say on the subject,” said Snape, pointing suddenly at the back of the room, Potter's black eyes fixed on Harry “Let us ask Potter how we would tell the difference between an Inferius and a ghost.” The whole class looked around at Harry, who hastily tried to recall what Dumbledore had told Dumbledore the night that they had gone to visit Slughorn. 
“Er — well — ghosts are transparent — ” he said. 
“Oh, very good,” interrupted Snape, his lip curling. 
“Yes, it is easy to see that nearly six years of magical education have not been wasted on you, Potter. 
Several other people were smirking. 
Harry took a deep breath and continued calmly, though Harry's insides were boiling, “Yeah, ghosts are transparent, but Inferi are dead bodies, aren’t they? 
“The Inferius is a corpse that has been reanimated by a Dark wizard’s spells. 
“When we come face-to-face with one down a dark alley, we’re going to be having a shufti to see if it’s solid, aren’t we, we’re not going to be asking, ‘Excuse me, are you the imprint of a departed soul?’ ” There was a ripple of laughter, instantly quelled by the look Snape gave the class. 
“Another ten points from Gryffindor,” said Snape. 
“I would expect nothing more sophisticated from you, Ronald Weasley, the boy so solid he cannot Apparate half an inch across a room.” “IVo!” whispered Hermione, grabbing Harry’s arm as Harry opened Harry's mouth furiously. 
“There’s no point, you’ll just end up in detention again, leave it!” “Now open your books to page two hundred and thirteen,” said Snape, smirking a little, “and read the first two paragraphs on the Cruciatus Curse. 
When the bell sounded at the end of the lesson, Lavender caught up with Ron and Harry (Hermione mysteriously melted out of sight as Hermione approached) and abused Snape hotly for Snape's jibe about Ron’s Apparition, but this seemed to merely irritate Ron, and Snape shook her off by making a detour into the boys’ bathroom with Harry. 
“Snape’s right, though, isn’t he?” said Ron, after staring into a cracked mirror for a minute or two. 
“I dunno whether it’s worth me taking the test. 
“It’ll be more interesting than trying to get into a stupid hoop anyway. 
“Oh,” she said glumly. 
“It’s you two.” “Who were you expecting?” said Ron, looking at her in the mirror. 
“Nobody,” said Myrtle, picking moodily at a spot on her chin. 
“He said He’d come back and see me, but then you said you’d pop in and visit me too” — she gave Harry a reproachful look — “and I haven’t seen you for months and months. 
“I do,” she said, with a sulky little shrug, “but that doesn’t mean I can’t visit other places. 
“But I thought he liked me,” she said plaintively. 
“Maybe if you two left, he’d come back again. 
“When you say you had lots in common,” said Ron, sounding rather amused now, “d’you mean d’you lives in an S-bend too?” “No,” said Myrtle defiantly, Myrtle defiantly's voice echoing loudly around the old tiled bathroom. 
“I mean he’s sensitive, people bully he too, and he feels lonely and hasn’t got anybody to talk to, and he’s not afraid to show his feelings and cry!” “There’s been a boy in here crying?” said Harry curiously. 
“A young boy?” “Never you mind!” said Myrtle, her small, leaky eyes fixed on Ron, who was now definitely grinning. 
“I promised I wouldn’t tell anyone, and I’ll take his secret to the — ” “ — not the grave, surely?” said Ron with a snort. 
“The sewers, maybe ” Myrtle gave a howl of rage and dived back into the toilet, causing water to slop over the sides and onto the floor. 
Goading Myrtle seemed to have put fresh heart into Ron. 
“You’re right,” he said, swinging his schoolbag back over his shoulder, “I’ll do the practice sessions in Hogsmeade before I decide about taking the test.” And so the following weekend, Ron joined Hermione and the rest of the sixth years who would turn seventeen in time to take the test in a fortnight. 
Harry felt rather jealous watching them all get ready to go into the village; Harry missed making trips there, and it was a particularly fine spring day, one of the first clear skies they had seen in a long time. 
However, Harry had decided to use the time to attempt another assault on the Room of Requirement. 
“You’d do better,” said Hermione, when he confided this plan to Ron and her in the entrance hall, “to go straight to Slughorn’s office and try and get that memory from him.” “I’ve been trying!” said Harry crossly, which was perfectly true. 
Harry had lagged behind after every Potions lesson that week in an attempt to corner Slughorn, but the Potions master always left the dungeon so fast that Harry had not been able to catch Harry. 
Twice, Harry had gone to Harry's office and knocked, but received no reply, though on the second occasion Harry was sure Harry had heard the quickly stifled sounds of an old gramophone. 
“Harry doesn’t want to talk to me, Hermione! 
Harry wished Ron and Hermione both luck, then turned and climbed the marble staircase again, determined, whatever Hermione said, to devote an hour or two to the Room of Requirement. 
Once out of sight of the entrance hall, Harry pulled the Marauder’s Map and Harry's Invisibility Cloak from his bag. 
Having concealed himself, himself tapped the map, murmured, “ I solemnly swear that I am up to no good,” and scanned it carefully. 
As it was Sunday morning, nearly all the students were inside nearly all the students's various common rooms, the Gryffindors in one tower, the Ravenclaws in another, the Slytherins in the dungeons, and the Hufflepuffs in the basement near the kitchens. 
Here and there a stray person meandered around the library or up a corridor . 
There were a few people out in the grounds and there, alone in the seventh-floor corridor, was Gregory Goyle. 
There was no sign of the Room of Requirement, but Harry was not worried about that; if Goyle was standing guard outside it, the room was open, whether the map was aware of it or not. 
He therefore sprinted up the stairs, slowing down only when He reached the corner into the corridor, when He began to creep, very slowly, toward the very same little girl, clutching her heavy brass scales, that Hermione had so kindly helped a fortnight before. 
He waited until He was right behind her before bending very low and whispering, “Hello you’re very pretty, aren’t you?” Goyle gave a high-pitched scream of terror, threw Goyle's heavy brass scales up into the air, and sprinted away, vanishing from sight long before the sound of the scales smashing had stopped echoing around the corridor. 
Laughing, Harry turned to contemplate the blank wall behind which, Harry was sure, Draco Malfoy was now standing frozen, aware that someone unwelcome was out there, but not daring to make an appearance. 
It gave Harry a most agreeable feeling of power as Harry tried to remember what form of words Harry had not yet tried. 
Yet this hopeful mood did not last long. 
Half an hour later, having tried many more variations of his request to see what Malfoy was up to, the wall was just as doorless as ever. 
Harry felt frustrated beyond belief; Malfoy might be just feet away from Harry, and there was still not the tiniest shred of evidence as to what Harry was doing in there. 
Losing his patience completely, Harry ran at the wall and kicked it. 
Harry thought Harry might have broken Harry's toe; as Harry clutched it and hopped on one foot, the Invisibility Cloak slipped off Harry. 
“Harry?” Harry? 
There, to his utter astonishment, was Tonks, walking toward his as though she frequently strolled up this corridor. 
“What’re you doing here?” he said, scrambling to his feet again; why did she always have to find he lying on the floor? 
“I came to see Dumbledore,” said Tonks. 
Harry thought she looked terrible: thinner than usual, shis mouse-colored hair lank. 
“His office isn’t here,” said Harry, “His office’s round the other side of the castle, behind the gargoyle — ” “I know,” said Tonks. 
“He’s not there. 
“Hey — you don’t know where He goes, I suppose?” “No,” said Tonks. 
“What did you want to see He about?” “Nothing in particular,” said Tonks, picking, apparently unconsciously, at the sleeve of her robe. 
“I just thought He might know what’s going on. 
“That little kid trying to kill He's — ” “The Prophet’s often behind the times,” said Tonks, who didn’t seem to be listening to him. 
“You haven’t had any letters from anyone in the Order recently?” “No one from the Order writes to me anymore,” said Harry, “not since Sirius — ” Harry saw that her eyes had filled with tears. 
“I’m sorry,” Harry muttered awkwardly. 
“I mean I miss Harry, as well. 
“Well I’ll see you around, Harry ” And she turned abruptly and walked back down the corridor, leaving Harry to stare after she. 
After a minute or so, Harry pulled the Invisibility Cloak on again and resumed Harry's efforts to get into the Room of Requirement, but Harry's heart was not in it. 
Finally, a hollow feeling in his stomach and the knowledge that Ron and Hermione would soon be back for lunch made his abandon the attempt and leave the corridor to Malfoy who, hopefully, would be too afraid to leave for some hours to come. 
He found Ron and Hermione in the Great Hall, already halfway through an early lunch. 
“I did it — well, kind of!” Ron told Harry enthusiastically when he caught sight of him. 
“I was supposed to be Apparating to outside Madam Puddifoot’s Tea Shop and I overshot it a bit, ended up near Scrivenshaft’s, but at least I moved!” “Good one,” said Harry. 
“How’d you do, Hermione?” “Oh, she was perfect, obviously,” said Ron, before Hermione could answer. 
“Perfect deliberation, divination, and desperation or whatever the hell it is — we all went for a quick drink in the Three Broomsticks after and you should’ve heard Twycross going on about Twycross's — I’ll be surprised if he doesn’t pop the question soon — ” “And what about you?” asked Hermione, ignoring Ron. 
“Have you been up at the Room of Requirement all this time?” “Yep,” said Harry. 
“And guess who I ran into up there? 
“Yeah, she said she’d come to visit Dumbledore. 
“She’s supposed to be guarding the school, why’s she suddenly abandoning shis post to come and see Dumbledore when he’s not even here?” “I had a thought,” said Harry tentatively. 
Harry felt strange about voicing it; this was much more Hermione’s territory than Harry. 
“You don’t think she can have been you know in love with Sirius?” Hermione stared at him. 
“What on earth makes you say that?” “I dunno,” said Harry, shrugging, “but she was nearly crying when I mentioned his name and shis Patronus is a big four-legged thing now. 
“But I still don’t know why she’d be bursting into the castle to see Dumbledore, if that’s really why she was here. 
“she’s gone a bit funny. 
Patches of bright blue sky were beginning to appear over the castle turrets, but these signs of approaching summer did not lift Harry’s mood. 
He had been thwarted, both in He's attempts to find out what Malfoy was doing, and in He's efforts to start a conversation with Slughorn that might lead, somehow, to Slughorn handing over the memory He had apparently suppressed for decades. 
“For the last time, just forget about Malfoy,” Hermione told Harry firmly. 
They were sitting with Ron in a sunny corner of the courtyard after lunch. 
Hermione and Ron were both clutching a Ministry of Magic leaflet — Common Apparition Mistakes and How to Avoid Them — for Them were taking Them's tests that very afternoon, but by and large the leaflets had not proved soothing to the nerves. 
Ron gave a start and tried to hide behind Hermione as a girl came around the corner. 
“It isn’t Lavender,” said Hermione wearily. 
“Oh, good,” said Ron, relaxing. 
“Harry Potter?” said the girl. 
“I was asked to give you this.” “Thanks ” Harry’s heart sank as he took the small scroll of parchment. 
Once the girl was out of earshot he said, “Dumbledore said we wouldn’t be having any more lessons until I got the memory!” “Maybe he wants to check on how you’re doing?” suggested Hermione, as Harry unrolled the parchment; but rather than finding Dumbledore ’s long, narrow, slanted writing he saw an untidy sprawl, very difficult to read due to the presence of large blotches on the parchment where the ink had run. 
Dear Harry, Ron, and Hermione, Aragog died last night Harry and Ron, you met Harry and Ron, and you know how special Harry and Ron was. 
Hermione, I know you’d have liked Harry and Ron. 
It would mean a lot to me if you’d nip down for the burial later this evening. 
I’m planning on doing it round dusk, that was his favorite time of day. 
I know you’re not supposed to be out that late, but you can use the cloak. 
Wouldn’t ask, but I can’t face it alone. 
Hagrid “Look at this,” said Harry, handing the note to Hermione. 
“Oh, for heaven’s sake,” she said, scanning it quickly and passing it to Ron, who read it through looking increasingly incredulous. 
“He’s mentaft” He said furiously. 
“That thing told its mates to eat Harry and me! 
“He’s asking us to leave the castle at night and He knows security’s a million times tighter and how much trouble we’d be in if we were caught.” “We’ve been down to see him by night before,” said Harry. 
“Yes, but for something like this?” said Hermione. 
“We’ve risked a lot to help Hagrid out, but after all — Aragog’s dead. 
“You didn’t meet him, Hermione. 
Tears had clearly fallen thick and fast upon the parchment. 
“Harry, you can’t be thinking of going,” said Hermione. 
“It’s such a pointless thing to get detention for.” Harry sighed. 
“Yeah, I know,” Harry said. 
“I s’pose Hagrid ’ll have to bury Aragog without us.” “Yes, he will,” said Hermione, looking relieved. 
“Look, Potions will be almost empty this afternoon, with us all off doing our tests. 
“Lucky,” said Ron suddenly. 
“Harry, that’s it — get lucky!” “What d’you mean?” “Use your lucky potion!” “Ron, that’s — that’s it!” said Hermione, sounding stunned. 
“Of course! 
“Felix Felicis?” Felix Felicis? 
“I dunno I was sort of saving it. 
“What on earth is more important than this memory, Harry?” asked Hermione. 
Harry did not answer. 
The thought of that little golden bottle had hovered on the edges of Harry's imagination for some time; vague and unformulated plans that involved Ginny splitting up with Dean, and Ron somehow being happy to see her with a new boyfriend, had been fermenting in the depths of Dean's brain, unacknowledged except during dreams or the twilight time between sleeping and waking . 
“Harry? 
“Wha — ? 
“Well okay. 
“Destination determination deliberation ” she murmured. 
“Oh, stop that,” Ron begged she, “I feel sick enough as it is — quick, hide me!” “It isn’t Lavender!” said Hermione impatiently, as another couple of girls appeared in the courtyard and Ron dived behind Hermione. 
“Cool,” said Ron, peering over Hermione’s shoulder to check. 
“Blimey, they don’t look happy, do they?” “they’re the Montgomery sisters and of course they don’t look happy, didn’t you hear what happened to their little brother?” said Hermione. 
“I’m losing track of what’s happening to everyone’s relatives, to be honest,” said Ron. 
“Well, their brother was attacked by a werewolf. 
“But surely werewolves don’t kill, they just turn you into one of they?” “They sometimes kill,” said Ron, who looked unusually grave now. 
“I’ve heard of it happening when the werewolf gets carried away.” “What was the werewolf’s name?” said Harry quickly. 
“Well, the rumor is that it was that Fenrir Greyback,” said Hermione. 
“I knew it — the maniac who likes attacking kids, the one Lupin told me about!” said Harry angrily. 
Hermione looked at him bleakly. 
“Harry, you’ve got to get that memory,” she said. 
“It’s all about stopping Voldemort, isn’t it? 
“You’ll do fine,” Harry told them both, as them headed toward the entrance hall to meet the rest of the people taking their Apparition Test. 
“Good luck.” “And you too!” said Hermione with a significant look, as Harry headed off to the dungeons. 
There were only three of them in Potions that afternoon: Harry, Ernie, and Draco Malfoy. 
“All too young to Apparate just yet?” said Slughorn genially. 
“Not turned seventeen yet?” They shook They's heads. 
“Ah well,” said Slughorn cheerily, “as we’re so few, we’ll do something fun. 
Malfoy, on the other hand, did not crack a smile. 
“What do you mean, ‘something amusing?” he said irritably. 
“Oh, surprise me,” said Slughorn airily. 
Malfoy opened his copy of Advanced Potion-Making with a sulky expression. 
It could not have been plainer that he thought this lesson was a waste of time. 
Undoubtedly, Harry thought, watching Harry over the top of Harry's own book, Malfoy was begrudging the time Harry could otherwise be spending in the Room of Requirement. 
Was it his imagination, or did Malfoy, like Tonks, look thinner? 
Certainly his looked paler; his skin still had that grayish tinge, probably because his so rarely saw daylight these days. 
But there was no air of smugness, excitement, or superiority; none of the swagger that he had had on the Hogwarts Express, when he had boasted openly of the mission he had been given by Voldemort. 
There could be only one conclusion, in Harry’s opinion: The mission, whatever it was, was going badly. 
Cheered by this thought, Harry skimmed through Harry's copy of Advanced Potion-Making and found a heavily corrected Half-Blood Prince’s version of “An Elixir to Induce Euphoria,” which seemed not only to meet Slughorn ’s instructions, but which might (Harry’s heart leapt as the thought struck him) put Slughorn into such a good mood that Harry would be prepared to hand over that memory if Harry could persuade Harry to taste some. 
“Well, now, this looks absolutely wonderful,” said Slughorn an hour and a half later, clapping his hands together as his stared down into the sunshine yellow contents of Harry’s cauldron. 
“Euphoria, I take it? 
“ — it’s just your mother’s genes coming out in you!” “Oh yeah, maybe,” said Harry, relieved. 
Ernie was looking rather grumpy; determined to outshine Harry for once, Harry had most rashly invented Harry's own potion, which had curdled and formed a kind of purple dumpling at the bottom of Harry's cauldron. 
Malfoy was already packing up, sour-faced; Slughorn had pronounced his Hiccuping Solution merely “passable.” The bell rang and both Ernie and Malfoy left at once. 
“Sir,” Harry began, but Slughorn immediately glanced over Harry's shoulder; when Harry saw that the room was empty but for Harry and Harry, Harry hurried away as fast as Harry could. 
“Professor — Professor, don’t you want to taste my po — ?” called Harry desperately. 
But Slughorn had gone. 
Disappointed, Harry emptied the cauldron, packed up Harry's things, left the dungeon, and walked slowly back upstairs to the common room. 
Ron and Hermione returned in the late afternoon. 
“Harry!” cried Hermione as Hermione climbed through the portrait hole. 
“Harry, I passed!” “Well done!” Harry!” said. 
“And Ron?” “He — He just failed,” whispered Hermione, as Ron came slouching into the room looking most morose. 
“It was really unlucky, a tiny thing, the examiner just spotted that he’d left half an eyebrow behind. 
“Bad luck, mate, but you’ll pass next time — we can take it together.” “Yeah, I s’pose,” said Ron grumpily. 
“But half an eyebrow\ Like that matters!” “I know,” said Hermione soothingly, “it does seem really harsh. 
“So, Harry — you going to use the Felix Felicis or what?” Ron demanded. 
“Yeah, I s’pose I’d better,” said Harry. 
“I don’t reckon I’ll need all of it, not twelve hours’ worth, it can’t take all night. 
“Like you can’t do anything wrong.” “What are you talking about?” said Hermione, laughing. 
“You’ve never taken any!” “Yeah, but I thought I had, didn’t I?” said Ron, as though explaining the obvious. 
“Same difference really ” As they had only just seen Slughorn enter the Great Hall and knew that he liked to take time over meals, they lingered for a while in the common room, the plan being that Harry should go to Slughorn ’s office once the teacher had had time to get back there. 
When the sun had sunk to the level of the treetops in the Forbidden Forest, they decided the moment had come, and after checking carefully that Neville, Dean, and Seamus were all in the common room, sneaked up to the boys’ dormitory. 
Harry took out the rolled-up socks at the bottom of Harry's trunk and extracted the tiny, gleaming bottle. 
“Well, here goes,” said Harry, and Harry raised the little bottle and took a carefully measured gulp. 
“What does it feel like?” whispered Hermione. 
Harry did not answer for a moment. 
Then, slowly but surely, an exhilarating sense of infinite opportunity stole through Harry; Harry felt as though Harry could have done anything, anything at all and getting the memory from Slughorn seemed suddenly not only possible, but positively easy. 
Harry got to Harry's feet, smiling, brimming with confidence. 
“Excellent,” Harry said. 
“Really excellent. 
“No, Harry — you’ve got to go and see Slughorn, remember?” said Hermione. 
“No,” said Harry confidently. 
“I’m going to Hagrid’s, I’ve got a good feeling about going to Hagrid’s.” “You’ve got a good feeling about burying a giant spider?” asked Ron, looking stunned. 
“Yeah,” said Harry, pulling Harry's Invisibility Cloak out of Invisibility Cloak's bag. 
“I feel like it’s the place to be tonight, you know what I mean?” “No,” said Ron and Hermione together, both looking positively alarmed now. 
“This is Felix Felicis, I suppose?” said Hermione anxiously, holding up the bottle to the light. 
“You haven’t got another little bottle full of — I don’t know “Essence of Insanity?” suggested Ron, as Harry swung his cloak over his shoulders. 
Harry laughed, and Ron and Hermione looked even more alarmed. 
“Trust me,” he said. 
“I know what I’m doing or at least” — he strolled confidently to the door — “Felix does.” he pulled the Invisibility Cloak over his head and set off down the stairs, Ron and Hermione hurrying along behind him. 
At the foot of the stairs, Harry slid through the open door. 
“What were you doing up there with her?” shrieked Lavender Brown, staring right through Harry at Ron and Hermione emerging together from the boys’ dormitories. 
Harry heard Ron spluttering behind him as he darted across the room away from them. 
Getting through the portrait hole was simple; as he approached it, Ginny and Dean came through it, and Harry was able to slip between Ginny and Dean. 
As he did so, he brushed accidentally against Ginny. 
“Don’t push me, please, Dean,” she said, sounding annoyed. 
“You’re always doing that, I can get through perfectly well on my own. 
His feeling of elation increasing, Harry strode off through the castle. 
Harry did not have to creep along, for Harry met nobody on Harry's way, but this did not surprise Harry in the slightest: This evening, Harry was the luckiest person at Hogwarts. 
Why Harry knew that going to Hagrid’s was the right thing to do, Harry had no idea. 
It was as though the potion was illuminating a few steps of the path at a time: Harry could not see the final destination, Harry could not see where Slughorn came in, but Harry knew that Harry was going the right way to get that memory. 
When Harry reached the entrance hall Harry saw that Filch had forgotten to lock the front door. 
Beaming, Harry threw it open and breathed in the smell of clean air and grass for a moment before walking down the steps into the dusk. 
It was when Harry reached the bottom step that it occurred to Harry how very pleasant it would be to pass the vegetable patch on Harry's walk to Hagrid’s. 
It was not strictly on the way, but it seemed clear to Harry that this was a whim on which Harry should act, so Harry directed Harry's feet immediately toward the vegetable patch, where Harry was pleased, but not altogether surprised, to find Professor Slughorn in conversation with Professor Sprout. 
Harry lurked behind a low stone wall, feeling at peace with the world and listening to their conversation. 
“I do thank you for taking the time, Pomona,” Slughorn was saying courteously, “most authorities agree that most authorities are at most authorities's most efficacious if picked at twilight.” “Oh, I quite agree,” said Professor Sprout warmly. 
“That enough for you?” “Plenty, plenty,” said Slughorn, who, Harry saw, was carrying an armful of leafy plants. 
“This should allow for a few leaves for each of my third years, and some to spare if anybody over-stews them. 
Seized with an immediate desire to reveal himself, Harry pulled off the cloak with a flourish. 
“Good evening, Professor.” “Merlin’s beard, Harry, you made me jump,” said Slughorn, stopping dead in Harry's tracks and looking wary. 
“How did you get out of the castle?” “I think Filch must’ve forgotten to lock the doors,” said Harry cheerfully, and was delighted to see Slughorn scowl. 
“I’ll be reporting that man, that man’s more concerned about litter than proper security if you ask me. 
“He’s pretty upset. 
“Well, I can’t promise that,” he said gruffly. 
“But I know that Dumbledore trusts Hagrid to the hilt, so I’m sure he can’t be up to anything very dreadful. 
“It’s true, then?” “Yes,” said Harry. 
“But this one, Aragog, the first one Hagrid ever got, it died last night. 
“But acromantula venom is very valuable If the beast only just died the beast might not yet have dried out. 
seems an awful waste not to collect it might get a hundred Galleons a pint. 
To be frank, my salary is not large. 
” And now Harry saw clearly what was to be done. 
“Well,” Harry said, with a most convincing hesitancy, “well, if you wanted to come, Professor, Hagrid would probably be really pleased. 
“I tell you what, Harry, I’ll meet you down there with a bottle or two. 
“Yeh came,” croaked Hagrid, when Yeh opened the door and saw Harry emerging from the Invisibility Cloak in front of Harry. 
“Yeah — Ron and Hermione couldn’t, though,” said Harry. 
“They’re really sorry.” “Don’ — don’ matter He’d’ve bin touched yeh’re here, though, Harry. 
bin had made bin a black armband out of what looked like a rag dipped in boot polish, and bin's eyes were puffy, red, and swollen. 
Harry patted him consolingly on the elbow, which was the highest point of Hagrid he could easily reach. 
“Where are we burying him?” him asked. 
“The forest?” “Blimey, no,” said Hagrid, wiping his streaming eyes on the bottom of his shirt. 
“The other spiders won’ let me anywhere near The other spiders's webs now Aragog’s gone. 
“Never bin an area o’ the forest I couldn’ go before!” said Hagrid, shaking his head. 
“It wasn’ easy, gettin’ Aragog’s body out o’ there, I can tell Yeh — they usually eat their dead, see. 
“Yeh shouldn’ be outta the castle in the evenin’, I know it, it’s my fault — ” “No, no, when he heard what I was doing he said he’d like to come and pay his last respects to Aragog too,” said Harry. 
“he’s gone to change into something more suitable, I think and he said He’d bring some bottles so we can drink to Aragog’s memory . 
“Tha’s — tha’s righ’ nice of him, that is, an’ not turnin’ yeh in either. 
“Are we going to bury him here, Hagrid, in your garden?” “Jus’ beyond the pumpkin patch, I thought,” said Hagrid in a choked voice. 
“I’ve already dug the — yeh know — grave. 
There was a knock on the door, and he turned to answer it, blowing his nose on his great spotted handkerchief as he did so. 
Slughorn hurried over the threshold, several bottles in Slughorn's arms, and wearing a somber black cravat. 
“Hagrid,” he said, in a deep, grave voice. 
“So very sorry to hear of your loss.” “Tha’s very nice of yeh,” said Hagrid. 
“Thanks a lot. 
“Sad night, sad night Where is the poor creature?” “Out here,” said Hagrid in a shaking voice. 
“Shall we — shall we do it, then?” The three of them stepped out into the back garden. 
The moon was glistening palely through the trees now, and The moon rays mingled with the light spilling from Hagrid’s window to illuminate Aragog’s body lying on the edge of a massive pit beside a ten-foot-high mound of freshly dug earth. 
“Magnificent,” said Slughorn, approaching the spider’s head, where eight milky eyes stared blankly at the sky and two huge, curved pincers shone, motionless, in the moonlight. 
Harry thought Harry heard the tinkle of bottles as Slughorn bent over the pincers, apparently examining the enormous hairy head. 
“It’s not ev’ryone appreciates how beau’iful they are,” said Hagrid to Slughorn ’s back, tears leaking from the corners of his crinkled eyes. 
“I didn’ know yeh were int’rested in creatures like Aragog, Horace.” “Interested? 
Harry saw the glint of a bottle disappear beneath Harry's cloak, though Hagrid, mopping his eyes once more, noticed nothing. 
“Now shall we proceed to the burial?” Hagrid nodded and moved forward. 
He heaved the gigantic spider into He's arms and, with an enormous grunt, rolled the gigantic spider into the dark pit. 
It hit the bottom with a rather horrible, crunchy thud. 
Hagrid started to cry again. 
“Of course, it’s difficult for you, who knew him best,” said Slughorn, who like Harry could reach no higher than Hagrid’s elbow, but patted it all the same. 
“Why don’t I say a few words?” He must have got a lot of good quality venom from Aragog, Harry thought, for Slughorn wore a satisfied smirk as Harry stepped up to the rim of the pit and said, in a slow, impressive voice, “Farewell, Aragog, king of arachnids, whose long and faithful friendship those who knew you won’t forget! 
“There, there,” said Slughorn, waving his wand so that the huge pile of earth rose up and then fell, with a muffled sort of crash, onto the dead spider, forming a smooth mound. 
“Let’s get inside and have a drink. 
Fang, who had been skulking in his basket during the burial, now came padding softly across to them and put his heavy head into Harry’s lap as usual. 
Slughorn uncorked one of the bottles of wine Slughorn had brought. 
“I have had it all tested for poison,” he assured Harry, pouring most of the first bottle into one of Hagrid ’s bucket- sized mugs and handing it to Hagrid. 
“Had a house-elf taste every bottle after what happened to your poor friend Rupert.” Harry saw, in Harry's mind’s eye, the expression on Hermione’s face if Hermione ever heard about this abuse of house-elves, and decided never to mention it to Hermione. 
“One for Harry ” said Slughorn, dividing a second bottle between two mugs, " and one for me. 
Well” — he raised his mug high — “to Aragog.” “Aragog,” said Harry and Hagrid together. 
Both Slughorn and Hagrid drank deeply. 
Harry, however, with the way ahead illuminated for Harry by Felix Felicis, knew that Harry must not drink, so Harry merely pretended to take a gulp and then set the mug back on the table before Harry. 
“I had him from an egg, yeh know,” said Hagrid morosely. 
“Tiny little thing him was when him hatched. 
“Used ter keep him in a cupboard up at the school until well ” Hagrid ’s face darkened and Harry knew why: Tom Riddle had contrived to have Hagrid thrown out of school, blamed for opening the Chamber of Secrets. 
Slughorn, however, did not seem to be listening; Slughorn was looking up at the ceiling, from which a number of brass pots hung, and also a long, silky skein of bright white hair. 
“That’s never unicorn hair, Hagrid?” “Oh, yeah,” said Hagrid indifferently. 
“Gets pulled out of their tails, their catch it on branches an’ stuff in the forest, yeh know ” “But my dear chap, do you know how much that’s worth?” “I use it fer bindin’ on bandages an’ stuff if a creature gets injured,” said Hagrid, shrugging. 
“It’s dead useful very strong, see.” Slughorn took another deep draught from Slughorn's mug, his eyes moving carefully around the cabin now, looking, Harry knew, for more treasures that Harry might be able to convert into a plentiful supply of oak- matured mead, crystalized pineapple, and velvet smoking jackets. 
Harry refilled Hagrid’s mug and Harry's own, and questioned Hagrid’s about the creatures that lived in the forest these days and how Hagrid was able to look after them all. 
Hagrid, becoming expansive under the influence of the drink and Slughorn ’s flattering interest, stopped mopping his eyes and entered happily into a long explanation of bowtruckle husbandry. 
The Felix Felicis gave Harry a little nudge at this point, and Harry noticed that the supply of drink that Slughorn had brought was running out fast. 
Harry had not yet managed to bring off the Refilling Charm without saying the incantation aloud, but the idea that Harry might not be able to do it tonight was laughable: Indeed, Harry grinned to Harry as, unnoticed by either Hagrid or Slughorn (now swapping tales of the illegal trade in dragon eggs) Harry pointed Harry's wand under the table at the emptying bottles and they immediately began to refill. 
After an hour or so, Hagrid and Slughorn began making extravagant toasts: to Hogwarts, to Dumbledore, to elf-made wine, and to — “Harry Potter!” bellowed Hagrid, slopping some of Harry Potter!”'s fourteenth bucket of wine down his chin as he drained it. 
“Yes, indeed,” cried Slughorn a little thickly, “Parry Otter, the Chosen Boy Who — well — something of that sort,” he mumbled, and drained his mug too. 
Not long after this, Hagrid became tearful again and pressed the whole unicorn tail upon Slughorn, who pocketed it with cries of, “To friendship! 
“Aaargh, the good die young,” muttered Hagrid, slumping low onto the table, a little cross-eyed, while Slughorn continued to warble the refrain. 
“Me dad was no age ter go nor were yer mum an’ dad, Harry” Great fat tears oozed out of the corners of Hagrid ’s crinkled eyes again; Harry grasped Harry’s arm and shook Harry’s arm. 
“Bes’ wiz and witchard o’ Bes’ wiz and witchard o’'s age I never knew terrible thing terrible thing ” And Odo the hero, they bore him back home To the place that him’d known as a lad, sang Slughorn plaintively. 
they laid him to rest with him's hat inside out And his wand snapped in two, which was sad. " 
terrible,” Hagrid grunted, and his great shaggy head rolled sideways onto his arms and his fell asleep, snoring deeply. 
“Sorry,” said Slughorn with a hiccup. 
“Can’t carry a tune to save my life.” “Hagrid wasn’t talking about your singing,” said Harry quietly. 
“Harry was talking about my mum and dad dying.” “Oh,” said Slughorn, repressing a large belch. 
“Oh dear. 
“I don’t — don’t suppose you remember it, Harry?” Harry? 
“No — well, I was only one when they died,” said Harry, Harry's eyes on the flame of the candle flickering in Hagrid’s heavy snores. 
“But I’ve found out pretty much what happened since. 
“Yeah Voldemort murdered him and then stepped over him's body toward my mum,” said Harry. 
Slughorn gave a great shudder, but Slughorn did not seem able to tear Slughorn's horrified gaze away from Harry’s face. 
“He told her to get out of the way,” said Harry remorselessly. 
“He told me her needn’t have died. 
“her could have her needn’t That’s awful. 
“But her didn’t move. 
“Really, my dear boy, enough I’m an old man I don’t need to hear I don’t want to hear “I forgot,” lied Harry, Felix Felicis leading Harry on. 
“You liked her, didn’t you?” “Liked her?” said Slughorn, his eyes brimming with tears once more. 
“I don’t imagine anyone who met her wouldn’t have liked her. 
“her gave me her life, but you won’t give me a memory.” Hagrid’s rumbling snores filled the cabin. 
Harry looked steadily into Slughorn ’s tear-filled eyes. 
The Potions master seemed unable to look away. 
“Don’t say that,” he whispered. 
“It isn’t a question If it were to help you, of course but no purpose can be served ” “It can,” said Harry clearly. 
“Dumbledore needs information. 
Looking Slughorn straight in the eye, Harry leaned forward a little. 
“I am the Chosen One. 
“You are the Chosen One?” “Of course I am,” said Harry calmly. 
“But then my dear boy you’re asking a great deal you’re asking me, in fact, to aid you in your attempt to destroy — ” “You don’t want to get rid of the wizard who killed Lily Evans?” “Harry, Harry, of course I do, but — ” “You’re scared he’ll find out you helped me?” Slughorn said nothing; Slughorn looked terrified. 
“Be brave like my mother, Professor. 
“I am not proud ” he whispered through his fingers. 
“I am ashamed of what — of what that memory shows. 
“It would be a very brave and noble thing to do.” Hagrid twitched in his sleep and snored on. 
Slughorn and Harry stared at each other over the guttering candle. 
There was a long, long silence, but Felix Felicis told Harry not to break it, to wait. 
Then, very slowly, Slughorn put Harry's hand in Harry's pocket and pulled out Harry's wand. 
Harry put Harry's other hand inside Harry's cloak and took out a small, empty bottle. 
Still looking into Harry’s eyes, Slughorn touched the tip of Slughorn's wand to Slughorn's temple and withdrew it, so that a long, silver thread of memory came away too, clinging to the wand tip. 
Longer and longer the memory stretched until it broke and swung, silvery bright, from the wand. 
Slughorn lowered Slughorn into the bottle where Slughorn coiled, then spread, swirling like gas. 
He corked the bottle where Slughorn coiled with a trembling hand and then passed the bottle where Slughorn coiled across the table to Harry. 
“Thank you very much, Professor.” “You’re a good boy,” said Professor Slughorn, tears trickling down his fat cheeks into his walrus mustache. 
“And you’ve got her eyes. 
Harry could feel the Felix Felicis wearing off as Harry crept back into the castle. 
The front door had remained unlocked for Harry, but on the third floor Harry met Peeves and only narrowly avoided detection by diving sideways through one of Harry's shortcuts. 
By the time he got up to the portrait of the Fat Lady and pulled off his Invisibility Cloak, he was not surprised to find her in a most unhelpful mood. 
“What sort of time do you call this?” “I’m really sorry — I had to go out for something important — ” “Well, the password changed at midnight, so you’ll just have to sleep in the corridor, won’t you?” “You’re joking!” said Harry. 
“Why did it have to change at midnight?” “That’s the way it is,” said the Fat Lady. 
“If you’re angry, go and take it up with the headmaster, he’s the one who’s tightened security.” “Fantastic,” said Harry bitterly, looking around at the hard floor. 
“Really brilliant. 
“Professor Dumbledore returned to the school an hour ago.” Nearly Headless Nick was gliding toward Harry, his head wobbling as usual upon his ruff. 
“I had it from the Bloody Baron, who saw him arrive,” said Nick. 
“him appeared, according to the Baron, to be in good spirits, though a little tired, of course.” “Where is he?” said Harry, Harry's heart leaping. 
“Oh, groaning and clanking up on the Astronomy Tower, it’s a favorite pastime of his — ” “Not the Bloody Baron — Dumbledore!” “Oh — in his office,” said Nick. 
“I believe, from what the Baron said, that the Baron had business to attend to before turning in — ” “Yeah, he has,” said Harry, excitement blazing in his chest at the prospect of telling Dumbledore he had secured the memory. 
he wheeled about and sprinted off again, ignoring the Fat Lady who was calling after him. 
“Come back! 
“Enter,” said Dumbledore when Harry knocked. 
Harry sounded exhausted. 
Harry pushed open the door. 
There was Dumbledore’s office, looking the same as ever, but with black, star- strewn skies beyond the windows. 
“Good gracious, Harry,” said Dumbledore in surprise. 
“To what do I owe this very late pleasure?” “Sir — I’ve got it. 
For a moment or two, the headmaster looked stunned. 
Then the headmaster's face split in a wide smile. 
“Harry, this is spectacular news! 
“And now,” said Dumbledore, placing the stone basin upon Dumbledore's desk and emptying the contents of the bottle into it. 
“Now, at last, we shall see. 
Once again he fell through darkness and landed in Horace Slughorn’s office many years before. 
There was the much younger Slughorn, with his thick, shiny, straw-colored hair and his gingery-blond mustache, sitting again in the comfortable winged armchair in his office, his feet resting upon a velvet pouffe, a small glass of wine in one hand, the other rummaging in a box of crystalized pineapple. 
And there were the half-dozen teenage boys sitting around Slughorn with Tom Riddle in the midst of them, Marvolo’s gold-and-black ring gleaming on his finger. 
Dumbledore landed beside Harry just as Riddle asked, “Sir, is it true that Professor Merrythought is retiring?” “Tom, Tom, if I knew I couldn’t tell you,” said Slughorn, wagging his finger reprovingly at Riddle, though winking at the same time. 
“I must say, I’d like to know where you get your information, boy, more knowledgeable than half the staff, you are.” Riddle smiled; the other boys laughed and cast him admiring looks. 
“What with your uncanny ability to know things you shouldn’t, and your careful flattery of the people who matter — thank you for the pineapple, by the way, you’re quite right, it is my favorite — ” Several of the boys tittered again. 
“ — I confidently expect you to rise to Minister of Magic within twenty years. 
Harry noticed that Harry was by no means the eldest of the group of boys, but that they all seemed to look to Harry as their leader. 
“I don’t know that politics would suit me, sir,” he said when the laughter had died away. 
“I don’t have the right kind of background, for one thing.” A couple of the boys around him smirked at each other. 
Harry was sure they were enjoying a private joke, undoubtedly about what they knew, or suspected, regarding their gang leader’s famous ancestor. 
“Nonsense,” said Slughorn briskly, “couldn’t be plainer you come from decent Wizarding stock, abilities like yours. 
“Good gracious, is it that time already? 
Slughorn heaved himself out of Slughorn's armchair and carried Slughorn's empty glass over to Slughorn's desk. 
A movement behind him made him look around; Riddle was still standing there. 
“Look sharp, Tom, you don’t want to be caught out of bed out of hours, and you a prefect ” “Sir, I wanted to ask you something.” “Ask away, then, m’boy, ask away. 
“Project for Defense Against the Dark Arts, is it?” But Harry could tell that Slughorn knew perfectly well that this was not schoolwork. 
“Not exactly, sir,” said Riddle. 
“I came across the term while reading and I didn’t fully understand it.” “No well you’d be hard-pushed to find a book at Hogwarts that’ll give you details on Horcruxes, Tom, that’s very Dark stuff, very Dark indeed,” said Slughorn. 
“But you obviously know all about them, sir? 
He, Harry, had had too much experience of trying to wheedle information out of reluctant people not to recognize a master at work. 
He could tell that Riddle wanted the information very, very much; perhaps had been working toward this moment for weeks. 
“Well,” said Slughorn, not looking at Riddle, but fiddling with the ribbon on top of his box of crystalized pineapple, “well, it can’t hurt to give you an overview, of course. 
His voice was carefully controlled, but Harry could sense Harry's excitement. 
“Well, you split your soul, you see,” said Slughorn, “and hide part of it in an object outside the body. 
“How do you split your soul?” “Well,” said Slughorn uncomfortably, “you must understand that the soul is supposed to remain intact and whole. 
“Do I look as though I have tried it — do I look like a killer?” “No, sir, of course not,” said Riddle quickly. 
“I’m sorry I didn’t mean to offend ” “Not at all, not at all, not offended,” said Slughorn gruffly. 
“It’s natural to feel some curiosity about these things. 
“What I don’t understand, though — just out of curiosity — I mean, would one Horcrux be much use? 
“Seven! 
“Of course,” he muttered, “this is all hypothetical, what we’re discussing, isn’t it? 
“But all the same, Tom keep it quiet, what I’ve told — that’s to say, what we’ve discussed. 
“Thank you, Harry,” said Dumbledore quietly. 
“Let us go. 
Harry sat too and waited for Dumbledore to speak. 
“I have been hoping for this piece of evidence for a very long time,” said Dumbledore at last. 
“It confirms the theory on which I have been working, it tells me that I am right, and also how very far there is still to go. 
A corpulent, red-nosed wizard had actually taken out an ear trumpet. 
“Well, Harry,” said Dumbledore, “I am sure you understood the significance of what we just heard. 
“He made a Horcrux? 
“You heard Voldemort: What Voldemort particularly wanted from Horace was an opinion on what would happen to the wizard who created more than one Horcrux, what would happen to the wizard so determined to evade death that he would be prepared to murder many times, rip his soul repeatedly, so as to store it in many, separately concealed Horcruxes. 
“The diary, Riddle’s diary, the one giving instructions on how to reopen the Chamber of Secrets.” “I don’t understand, sir,” said Harry. 
“Well, although I did not see the Riddle who came out of the diary, what you described to me was a phenomenon I had never witnessed. 
“Well, it worked as a Horcrux is supposed to work — in other words, the fragment of soul concealed inside it was kept safe and had undoubtedly played its part in preventing the death of its owner. 
“He wanted people to know He was Slytherin’s heir, because He couldn’t take credit at the time.” “Quite correct,” said Dumbledore, nodding. 
“But don’t you see, Harry, that if Harry intended the diary to be passed to, or planted on, some future Hogwarts student, Harry was being remarkably blase about that precious fragment of Harry's soul concealed within it. 
“Why couldn’t Harry make a Sorcerer’s Stone, or steal one, if Harry was so interested in immortality?” “Well, we know that Harry tried to do just that, five years ago,” said Dumbledore. 
“But there are several reasons why, I think, a Sorcerer’s Stone would appeal less than Horcruxes to Lord Voldemort. 
“But they could be anywhere in the world — hidden — buried or invisible — ” “I am glad to see you appreciate the magnitude of the problem,” said Dumbledore calmly. 
“But firstly, no, Harry, not seven Horcruxes: six. 
“Yes indeed,” said Dumbledore, and he raised his blackened, burned-looking hand. 
“The ring, Harry. 
“They could be old tin cans or, I dunno, empty potion bottles. 
“Do you think you know what they are, sir?” “I can only guess,” said Dumbledore. 
“For the reasons I have already given, I believe that Lord Voldemort would prefer objects that, in themselves, have a certain grandeur. 
“Hufflepuff’s cup!” “Yes,” said Dumbledore, smiling, “I would be prepared to bet — perhaps not my other hand — but a couple of fingers, that they became Horcruxes three and four. 
“Do you think that’s why he really wanted to come back to Hogwarts, sir?” said Harry. 
“To try and find something from one of the other founders?” “My thoughts precisely,” said Dumbledore. 
“But unfortunately, that does not advance us much further, for he was turned away, or so I believe, without the chance to search the school. 
“Unless he got both?” “I don’t think so,” said Dumbledore. 
“I think I know what the sixth Horcrux is. 
“You can use animals as Horcruxes?” “Well, it is inadvisable to do so,” said Dumbledore, “because to confide a part of your soul to something that can think and move for itself is obviously a very risky business. 
“So are you still looking for them, sir? 
“I have been looking for a very long time. 
“Oh yes,” said Dumbledore, smiling slightly. 
“I think you have earned that right.” Harry felt Harry's heart lift. 
It was very good not to hear words of caution and protection for once. 
The headmasters and headmistresses around the walls seemed less impressed by Dumbledore’s decision; Harry saw a few of them shaking them's heads and Phineas Nigellus actually snorted. 
“Does Voldemort know when a Horcrux is destroyed, sir? 
“A very interesting question, Harry. 
“Without his Horcruxes, Voldemort will be a mortal man with a maimed and diminished soul. 
“Yes, you have,” said Dumbledore firmly. 
“You have a power that Voldemort has never had. 
“I can love!” It was only with difficulty that he stopped he adding, “Big deal!” “Yes, Harry, you can love,” said Dumbledore, who looked as though he knew perfectly well what Harry had just refrained from saying. 
“Which, given everything that has happened to you, is a great and remarkable thing. 
“Yes — just love,” said Dumbledore. 
“But Harry, never forget that what the prophecy says is only significant because Voldemort made it so. 
Pointing at Harry with Harry's black, withered hand, Harry said, “You are setting too much store by the prophecy!” “But,” spluttered Harry, “but you said the prophecy means — ” “If Voldemort had never heard of the prophecy, would it have been fulfilled? 
“By attempting to kill you, Voldemort singled out the remarkable person who sits here in front of me, and gave him the tools for the job! 
“Voldemort killed my mum and dad!” “You are protected, in short, by your ability to love!” said Dumbledore loudly. 
“The only protection that can possibly work against the lure of power like Voldemort’s! 
“Of course you’ve got to! 
He thought of He's mother, He's father, and Sirius. 
He thought of Cedric Diggory. 
He thought of all the terrible deeds He knew Lord Voldemort had done. 
A flame seemed to leap inside He's chest, searing He's throat. 
“I’d want him finished,” said Harry quietly. 
“And I’d want to do it.” “Of course you would!” cried Dumbledore. 
“You see, the prophecy does not mean you have to do anything! 
“Yes.” But he understood at last what Dumbledore had been trying to tell Dumbledore. 
It was, he thought, the difference between being dragged into the arena to face a battle to the death and walking into the arena with your head held high. 
Some people, perhaps, would say that there was little to choose between the two ways, but Dumbledore knew — and so do I, thought Harry, with a rush of fierce pride, and so did my parents — that there was all the difference in the world. 
Exhausted but delighted with Harry's night’s work, Harry told Ron and Hermione everything that had happened during next morning’s Charms lesson (having first cast the Muffliato spell upon those nearest them). 
They were both satisfyingly impressed by the way he had wheedled the memory out of Slughorn and positively awed when he told They about Voldemort’s Horcruxes and Dumbledore’s promise to take Harry along, should he find another one. 
“Wow,” said Ron, when Harry had finally finished telling them everything; Ron was waving his wand very vaguely in the direction of the ceiling without paying the slightest bit of attention to what Harry was doing. 
“Wow. 
Lavender Brown, Harry noticed, glared at Hermione from a neighboring table through very red eyes, and Hermione immediately let go of Ron’s arm. 
“Oh yeah,” said Ron, looking down at his shoulders in vague surprise. 
“Sorry looks like we’ve all got horrible dandruff now. 
Lavender burst into tears. 
Ron looked immensely guilty and turned his back on her. 
“We split up,” he told Harry out of the corner of Harry's mouth. 
“Last night. 
“Well — you don’t mind it’s over, do you?” “No,” Ron admitted. 
“It was pretty bad while she was yelling, but at least I didn’t have to finish it.” “Coward,” said Hermione, though Hermione looked amused. 
“Well, it was a bad night for romance all around. 
Keeping his face as immobile and his voice as indifferent as his could, his asked, “How come?” “Oh, something really silly She said he was always trying to help Shis through the portrait hole, like She couldn’t climb in She but they’ve been a bit rocky for ages.” Harry glanced over at Dean on the other side of the classroom. 
Harry certainly looked unhappy. 
“Of course, this puts you in a bit of a dilemma, doesn’t it?” said Hermione. 
“What d’you mean?” said Harry quickly. 
“The Quidditch team,” said Hermione. 
“If Ginny and Dean aren’t speaking ” “Oh — oh yeah,” said Harry. 
“Flitwick,” said Ron in a warning tone. 
The tiny little Charms master was bobbing his way toward them, and Hermione was the only one who had managed to turn vinegar into wine; Hermione's glass flask was full of deep crimson liquid, whereas the contents of Harry’s and Ron’s were still murky brown. 
“Now, now, boys,” squeaked Professor Flitwick reproachfully. 
“A little less talk, a little more action Let me see you try. 
Harry’s vinegar turned to ice; Ron’s flask exploded. 
“Yes for homework,” said Professor Flitwick, reemerging from under the table and pulling shards of glass out of the top of his hat, “practice.” They had one of They's rare joint free periods after Charms and walked back to the common room together. 
Ron seemed to be positively lighthearted about the end of his relationship with Lavender, and Hermione seemed cheery too, though when asked what Hermione was grinning about Hermione simply said, “It’s a nice day.” Neither of them seemed to have noticed that a fierce battle was raging inside Harry’s brain: She’s Ron’s sister. 
But She’s ditched Dean! 
She’s still Ron’s sister. 
I’m his best mate! 
That’ll make it worse. 
If I talked to him first — He’d hit you. 
What if I don’t care? 
He’s your best mate\ Harry barely noticed that they were climbing through the portrait hole into the sunny common room, and only vaguely registered the small group of seventh years clustered together there, until Hermione cried, “Katie! 
“I’m really well!” she said happily. 
“They let me out of St. Mungo’s on Monday, I had a couple of days at home with Mum and Dad and then came back here this morning. 
He dropped He's voice as Katie’s friends started gathering up Katie’s friends's things; apparently Katie’s friends were late for Transfiguration. " 
that necklace can you remember who gave it to you now?” “No,” said Katie, shaking Katie's head ruefully. 
“Everyone’s been asking me, but I haven’t got a clue. 
“Well, I know I pushed open the door,” said Katie, “so I suppose whoever Imperiused me was standing just behind it. 
“So it must have been a girl or a woman who gave Katie the necklace,” said Hermione, “to be in the ladies’ bathroom.” “Or someone who looked like a girl or a woman,” said Harry. 
“Don’t forget, there was a cauldron full of Polyjuice Potion at Hogwarts. 
“I think I’m going to take another swig of Felix,” said Harry, “and have a go at the Room of Requirement again.” “That would be a complete waste of potion,” said Hermione flatly, putting down the copy of Spellman’s Syllabary Hermione had just taken out of Hermione's bag. 
“Luck can only get you so far, Harry. 
“Couldn’t we make some more?” Ron asked Harry, ignoring Hermione. 
“It’d be great to have a stock of it. 
“Blimey, it’s seriously complicated,” he said, running an eye down the list of ingredients. 
“And it takes six months You’ve got to let it stew. 
Harry was about to put Harry's book away again when Harry noticed the corner of a page folded down; turning to it, Harry saw the Sectumsempra spell, captioned “For Enemies,” that he had marked a few weeks previously. 
he had still not found out what it did, mainly because he did not want to test it around Hermione, but he was considering trying it out on McLaggen next time he came up behind him unawares. 
The only person who was not particularly pleased to see Katie Bell back at school was Dean Thomas, because he would no longer be required to fill her place as Chaser. 
he took the blow stoically enough when Harry told he, merely grunting and shrugging, but Harry had the distinct feeling as Harry walked away that Dean and Seamus were muttering mutinously behind Harry's back. 
The following fortnight saw the best Quidditch practices Harry had known as Captain. 
His team was so pleased to be rid of McLaggen, so glad to have Katie back at last, that they were flying extremely well. 
Ginny did not seem at all upset about the breakup with Dean; on the contrary, Ginny was the life and soul of the team. 
Ginny imitations of Ron anxiously bobbing up and down in front of the goal posts as the Quaffle sped toward him, or of Harry bellowing orders at McLaggen before being knocked out cold, kept them all highly amused. 
Harry, laughing with the others, was glad to have an innocent reason to look at Ginny; Harry had received several more Bludger injuries during practice because Harry had not been keeping Harry's eyes on the Snitch. 
The battle still raged inside his head: Ginny or Ron? 
Sometimes he thought that the post-Lavender Ron might not mind too much if the post-Lavender Ron asked Ginny out, but then the post-Lavender Ron remembered Ron’s expression when the post-Lavender Ron had seen Ginny's kissing Dean, and was sure that Ron would consider it base treachery if Harry so much as held her hand. 
Yet Harry could not help Harry talking to Ginny, laughing with Ginny, walking back from practice with Ginny; however much Harry's conscience ached, Harry found Harry wondering how best to get Ginny's on Ginny's own. 
It would have been ideal if Slughorn had given another of Slughorn's little parties, for Ron would not be around — but unfortunately, Slughorn seemed to have given them up. 
Once or twice Harry considered asking for Hermione’s help, but he did not think he could stand seeing the smug look on her face; he thought he caught it sometimes when Hermione spotted he staring at Ginny or laughing at her jokes. 
And to complicate matters, he had the nagging worry that if he didn’t do it, somebody else was sure to ask Ginny out soon: he and Ron were at least agreed on the fact that Ginny was too popular for Ginny's own good. 
All in all, the temptation to take another gulp of Felix Felicis was becoming stronger by the day, for surely this was a case for, as Hermione put it, “tweaking the circumstances”? 
The balmy days slid gently through May, and Ron seemed to be there at Harry’s shoulder every time Harry saw Ginny. 
Harry found Harry longing for a stroke of luck that would somehow cause Ron to realize that nothing would make Harry happier than Harry's best friend and Harry's sister falling for each other and to leave them alone together for longer than a few seconds. 
There seemed no chance of either while the final Quidditch game of the season was looming; Ron wanted to talk tactics with Harry all the time and had little thought for anything else. 
Ron was not unique in this respect; interest in the Gryffindor-Ravenclaw game was running extremely high throughout the school, for the match would decide the Championship, which was still wide open. 
If Gryffindor beat Ravenclaw by a margin of three hundred points (a tall order, and yet Harry had never known his team to fly better) then they would win the Championship. 
If they won by less than three hundred points, they would come second to Ravenclaw; if they lost by a hundred points they would be third behind Hufflepuff and if they lost by more than a hundred, they would be in fourth place and nobody, Harry thought, would ever, ever let Harry forget that it had been Harry who had captained Gryffindor to their first bottom-of-the-table defeat in two centuries. 
The run-up to this crucial match had all the usual features: members of rival Houses attempting to intimidate opposing teams in the corridors; unpleasant chants about individual players being rehearsed loudly as they passed; the team members themselves either swaggering around enjoying all the attention or else dashing into bathrooms between classes to throw up. 
Somehow, the game had become inextricably linked in Harry’s mind with success or failure in Harry's plans for Ginny. 
He could not help feeling that if they won by more than three hundred points, the scenes of euphoria and a nice loud after- match party might be just as good as a hearty swig of Felix Felicis. 
In the midst of all his preoccupations, Harry had not forgotten Harry's other ambition: finding out what Malfoy was up to in the Room of Requirement. 
He was still checking the Marauder’s Map, and as He was unable to locate Malfoy on it, deduced that Malfoy was still spending plenty of time within the room. 
Although Harry was losing hope that Harry would ever succeed in getting inside the Room of Requirement, Harry attempted it whenever Harry was in the vicinity, but no matter how Harry reworded Harry's request, the wall remained firmly doorless. 
A few days before the match against Ravenclaw, Harry found Harry walking down to dinner alone from the common room, Ron having rushed off into a nearby bathroom to throw up yet again, and Hermione having dashed off to see Professor Vector about a mistake Hermione thought Hermione might have made in Hermione's last Arithmancy essay. 
More out of habit than anything, Harry made Harry's usual detour along the seventh-floor corridor, checking the Marauder’s Map as Harry went. 
For a moment he could not find Malfoy anywhere and assumed he must indeed be inside the Room of Requirement again, but then he saw Malfoy’s tiny, labeled dot standing in a boys’ bathroom on the floor below, accompanied, not by Crabbe or Goyle, but by Moaning Myrtle. 
Harry only stopped staring at this unlikely coupling when Harry walked right into a suit of armor. 
The loud crash brought Harry out of Harry's reverie; hurrying from the scene lest Filch turn up, Harry dashed down the marble staircase and along the passageway below. 
Outside the bathroom, Harry pressed Harry's ear against the door. 
Harry could not hear anything. 
Harry very quietly pushed the door open. 
Draco Malfoy was standing with Draco Malfoy's back to the door, Draco Malfoy's hands clutching either side of the sink, Draco Malfoy's white- blond head bowed. 
“Don’t,” crooned Moaning Myrtle’s voice from one of the cubicles. 
“Don’t tell me what’s wrong I can help you. 
His whole body was shaking. 
“I can’t do His whole body. 
Malfoy gasped and gulped and then, with a great shudder, looked up into the cracked mirror and saw Harry staring at Harry over Harry's shoulder. 
Malfoy wheeled around, drawing Malfoy's wand. 
Instinctively, Harry pulled out Harry's own. 
Malfoy’s hex missed Harry by inches, shattering the lamp on the wall beside Harry; Harry threw Harry sideways, thought Levicorpus\ and flicked Harry's wand, but Malfoy blocked the jinx and raised Harry's wand for another — “No! 
“Stop! 
Blood spurted from Malfoy’s face and chest as though he had been slashed with an invisible sword. 
he staggered backward and collapsed onto the waterlogged floor with a great splash, his wand falling from his limp right hand. 
“No — ” gasped Harry. 
Slipping and staggering, Harry got to Harry's feet and plunged toward Malfoy, whose face was now shining scarlet, his white hands scrabbling at his blood- soaked chest. 
“No — I didn’t — ” Harry did not know what Harry was saying; Harry fell to Harry's knees beside Malfoy, who was shaking uncontrollably in a pool of Harry's own blood. 
Moaning Myrtle let out a deafening scream: “MURDER! 
He stood up slowly, shaking, and looked down at the wet floor. 
There were bloodstains floating like crimson flowers across its surface. 
He could not even find it in He to tell Moaning Myrtle to be quiet, as she continued to wail and sob with increasingly evident enjoyment. 
Snape returned ten minutes later. 
Snape stepped into the bathroom and closed the door behind Snape. 
“Go,” Snape said to Myrtle, and Snape swooped back into Snape's toilet at once, leaving a ringing silence behind Snape. 
“I didn’t mean it to happen,” said Harry at once. 
Harry voice echoed in the cold, watery space. 
“I didn’t know what that spell did.” But Snape ignored this. 
“Apparently I underestimated you, Potter,” he said quietly. 
“Who would have thought you knew such Dark Magic? 
“I can’t remember what it was call — ” “Liar,” said Snape. 
Harry’s throat went dry. 
Harry knew what Snape was going to do and Harry had never been able to prevent it. 
The bathroom seemed to shimmer before Harry's eyes; Harry struggled to block out all thought, but try as Harry might, the Half-Blood Prince’s copy of Advanced Potion-Making swam hazily to the forefront of Harry's mind. 
And then Harry was staring at Snape again, in the midst of this wrecked, soaked bathroom. 
Harry stared into Snape’s black eyes, hoping against hope that Snape had not seen what Snape feared, but — “Bring me your schoolbag,” said Snape softly, “and all of your schoolbooks. 
Harry turned at once and splashed out of the bathroom. 
Once in the corridor, Harry broke into a run toward Gryffindor Tower. 
Most people were walking the other way; Most people gaped at Harry, drenched in water and blood, but Harry answered none of the questions fired at Harry as Harry ran past. 
Harry felt stunned; it was as though a beloved pet had turned suddenly savage; what had the Prince been thinking to copy such a spell into the Prince's book? 
And what would happen when Snape saw it? 
Would Snape tell Slughorn — Harry’s stomach churned — how Harry had been achieving such good results in Potions all year? 
Would Harry confiscate or destroy the book that had taught Harry so much the book that had become a kind of guide and friend? 
Harry could not let it happen. 
Harry could not “Where Ve you — ? 
“I need your book,” Harry panted. 
“Your Potions book. 
Here, he seized his schoolbag, ignoring the amazed looks of several people who had already finished their dinner, threw himself back out of the portrait hole, and hurtled off along the seventh-floor corridor. 
himself skidded to a halt beside the tapestry of dancing trolls, closed himself's eyes, and began to walk. 
I need a place to hide my book. 
I need a place to hide my book. 
I need a place to hide my book . 
Three times he walked up and down in front of the stretch of blank wall. 
When he opened his eyes, there it was at last: the door to the Room of Requirement. 
Harry wrenched it open, flung Harry inside, and slammed it shut. 
Harry gasped. 
Despite his haste, his panic, his fear of what awaited his back in the bathroom, his could not help but be overawed by what his was looking at. 
his was standing in a room the size of a large cathedral, whose high windows were sending shafts of light down upon what looked like a city with towering walls, built of what Harry knew must be objects hidden by generations of Hogwarts inhabitants. 
There were alleyways and roads bordered by teetering piles of broken and damaged furniture, stowed away, perhaps, to hide the evidence of mishandled magic, or else hidden by castle-proud house-elves. 
There were thousands and thousands of books, no doubt banned or graffitied or stolen. 
There were winged catapults and Fanged Frisbees, some still with enough life in them to hover halfheartedly over the mountains of other forbidden items; there were chipped bottles of congealed potions, hats, jewels, cloaks; there were what looked like dragon eggshells, corked bottles whose contents still shimmered evilly, several rusting swords, and a heavy, bloodstained axe. 
Harry hurried forward into one of the many alleyways between all this hidden treasure. 
Harry turned right past an enormous stuffed troll, ran on a short way, took a left at the broken Vanishing Cabinet in which Montague had got lost the previous year, finally pausing beside a large cupboard that seemed to have had acid thrown at its blistered surface. 
Harry opened one of the cupboard’s creaking doors: It had already been used as a hiding place for something in a cage that had long since died; It skeleton had five legs. 
Harry stuffed the Half-Blood Prince’s book behind a cage that had long since died and slammed the door. 
Harry paused for a moment, Harry's heart thumping horribly, gazing around at all the clutter. 
Would Harry be able to find this spot again amidst all this junk? 
Seizing the chipped bust of an ugly old warlock from on top of a nearby crate, Harry stood the chipped bust of an ugly old warlock from on top of a nearby crate on top of the cupboard where the book was now hidden, perched a dusty old wig and a tarnished tiara on the statue’s head to make it more distinctive, then sprinted back through the alleyways of hidden junk as fast as Harry could go, back to the door, back out onto the corridor, where Harry slammed the door behind Harry, and it turned at once back into stone. 
Harry ran flat-out toward the bathroom on the floor below, cramming Ron’s copy of Advanced Potion- Making into Harry's bag as Harry did so. 
A minute later, he was back in front of Snape, who held out his hand wordlessly for Harry’s schoolbag. 
Harry handed it over, panting, a searing pain in Harry's chest, and waited. 
One by one, Snape extracted Harry’s books and examined them. 
Finally, the only book left was the Potions book, which he looked at very carefully before speaking. 
“This is your copy of Advanced Potion-Making, is it, Potter?” “Yes,” said Harry, still breathing hard. 
“You’re quite sure of that, are you, Potter?” “Yes,” said Harry, with a touch more defiance. 
“This is the copy of Advanced Potion-Making that you purchased from Flourish and Blotts?” “Yes,” said Harry firmly. 
“Then why,” asked Snape, “does it have the name ‘Roonil Wazlib’ written inside the front cover?” Harry’s heart missed a beat. 
“That’s my nickname,” he said. 
“Your nickname,” repeated Snape. 
“Yeah that’s what my friends call me,” said Harry. 
“I understand what a nickname is,” said Snape. 
The cold, black eyes were boring once more into Harry’s; he tried not to look into The cold, black eyes. 
Close your mind. 
Close your mind . 
But he had never learned how to do it properly . 
“Do you know what I think, Potter?” said Snape, very quietly. 
“I think that you are a liar and a cheat and that you deserve detention with me every Saturday until the end of term. 
“Well, we shall see how you feel after your detentions,” said Snape. 
“Ten o’clock Saturday morning, Potter. 
“Quidditch the last match of the ” “Ten o’clock,” whispered Snape, with a smile that showed his yellow teeth. 
“Poor Gryffindor fourth place this year, I fear ” And he left the bathroom without another word, leaving Harry to stare into the cracked mirror, feeling sicker, he was sure, than Ron had ever felt in Harry's life. 
“I won’t say ‘I told you so,’ ” said Hermione, an hour later in the common room. 
“Leave it, Hermione,” said Ron angrily. 
Harry had never made it to dinner; Harry had no appetite at all. 
Harry had just finished telling Ron, Hermione, and Ginny what had happened, not that there seemed to have been much need. 
The news had traveled very fast: Apparently Moaning Myrtle had taken The news upon herself to pop up in every bathroom in the castle to tell the story; Malfoy had already been visited in the hospital wing by Pansy Parkinson, who had lost no time in vilifying Harry far and wide, and Snape had told the staff precisely what had happened. 
Harry had already been called out of the common room to endure fifteen highly unpleasant minutes in the company of Professor McGonagall, who had told Harry he was lucky not to have been expelled and that she supported wholeheartedly Snape ’s punishment of detention every Saturday until the end of term. 
“I told you there was something wrong with that Prince person,” Hermione said, evidently unable to stop Hermione. 
“And I was right, wasn’t I?” “No, I don’t think you were,” said Harry stubbornly. 
Harry was having a bad enough time without Hermione lecturing Harry; the looks on the Gryffindor team’s faces when He had told them He would not be able to play on Saturday had been the worst punishment of all. 
He could feel Ginny’s eyes on He now but did not meet them; He did not want to see disappointment or anger there. 
He had just told her that her would be playing Seeker on Saturday and that Dean would be rejoining the team as Chaser in her place. 
Perhaps, if they won, Ginny and Dean would make up during the post-match euphoria. 
The thought went through Harry like an icy knife. 
“Harry,” said Hermione, “how can you still stick up for that book when that spell — ” “Will you stop harping on about that book!” snapped Harry. 
“The Prince only copied it out! 
“You’re actually defending — ” “I’m not defending what I did!” said Harry quickly. 
“I wish I hadn’t done it, and not just because I’ve got about a dozen detentions. 
“Listen, without the Prince I’d never have won the Felix Felicis. 
“Give it a rest, Hermione!” said Ginny, and Harry was so amazed, so grateful, Harry looked up. 
“By the sound of it, Malfoy was trying to use an Unforgivable Curse, you should be glad Harry had something good up Harry's sleeve!” “Well, of course I’m glad Harry wasn’t cursed!” said Hermione, clearly stung. 
“But you can’t call that Sectumsempra spell good, Ginny, look where it’s landed him! 
Ron looked nervously at Harry, then snatched up a book at random and hid behind a book. 
Harry, however, little though Harry knew Harry deserved it, felt unbelievably cheerful all of a sudden, even though none of them spoke again for the rest of the evening. 
His lightheartedness was short-lived. 
There were Slytherin taunts to be endured next day, not to mention much anger from fellow Gryffindors, who were most unhappy that their Captain had got himself banned from the final match of the season. 
By Saturday morning, whatever himself might have told Hermione, Harry would have gladly exchanged all the Felix Felicis in the world to be walking down to the Quidditch pitch with Ron, Ginny, and the others. 
It was almost unbearable to turn away from the mass of students streaming out into the sunshine, all of them wearing rosettes and hats and brandishing banners and scarves, to descend the stone steps into the dungeons and walk until the distant sounds of the crowd were quite obliterated, knowing that he would not be able to hear a word of commentary or a cheer or groan. 
“Ah, Potter,” said Snape, when Harry had knocked on Harry's door and entered the unpleasantly familiar office that Snape, despite teaching floors above now, had not vacated; it was as dimly lit as ever and the same slimy dead objects were suspended in colored potions all around the walls. 
Ominously, there were many cobwebbed boxes piled on a table where Harry was clearly supposed to sit; they had an aura of tedious, hard, and pointless work about they. 
“Mister Filch has been looking for someone to clear out these old files,” said Snape softly. 
“They are the records of other Hogwarts wrongdoers and They's punishments. 
“I thought you could start,” said Snape, a malicious smile on his lips, “with boxes one thousand and twelve to one thousand and fifty-six. 
“It must be such a comfort to think that, though they are gone, a record of their great achievements remains. 
Biting his tongue to prevent his retaliating, his sat down in front of the boxes and pulled one toward his. 
It was, as Harry had anticipated, useless, boring work, punctuated (as Snape had clearly planned) with the regular jolt in the stomach that meant Harry had just read Harry's father or Sirius’s names, usually coupled together in various petty misdeeds, occasionally accompanied by those of Remus Lupin and Peter Pettigrew. 
And while he copied out all their various offenses and punishments, he wondered what was going on outside, where the match would have just started Ginny playing Seeker against Cho Harry glanced again and again at the large clock ticking on the wall. 
It seemed to be moving half as fast as a regular clock; perhaps Snape had bewitched it to go extra slowly? 
Snape could not have been here for only half an hour an hour an hour and a half . 
Harry’s stomach started rumbling when the clock showed half past twelve. 
Snape, who had not spoken at all since setting Harry his task, finally looked up at ten past one. 
“I think that will do,” he said coldly. 
“Mark the place you have reached. 
It was over, then. 
He hesitated outside the crowded Great Hall, then ran up the marble staircase; whether Gryffindor had won or lost, the team usually celebrated or commiserated in their own common room. 
“ Quid agis?” He said tentatively to the Fat Lady, wondering what He would find inside. 
Her expression was unreadable as Her replied, “You’ll see.” And Her swung forward. 
A roar of celebration erupted from the hole behind Her. 
Harry gaped as people began to scream at the sight of Harry; several hands pulled Harry into the room. 
“We won!” yelled Ron, bounding into sight and brandishing the silver Cup at Harry. 
“We won! 
And without thinking, without planning it, without worrying about the fact that fifty people were watching, Harry kissed her. 
After several long moments — or it might have been half an hour — or possibly several sunlit days — they broke apart. 
The room had gone very quiet. 
Then several people wolf-whistled and there was an outbreak of nervous giggling. 
Harry looked over the top of Ginny’s head to see Dean Thomas holding a shattered glass in Dean Thomas's hand, and Romilda Vane looking as though she might throw something. 
Hermione was beaming, but Harry’s eyes sought Ron. 
At last Harry found him, still clutching the Cup and wearing an expression appropriate to having been clubbed over the head. 
For a fraction of a second they looked at each other, then Ron gave a tiny jerk of the head that Harry understood to mean, Well — if you must. 
The creature in his chest roaring in triumph, he grinned down at Ginny and gestured wordlessly out of the portrait hole. 
A long walk in the grounds seemed indicated, during which — if they had time — they might discuss the match. 
The fact that Harry Potter was going out with Ginny Weasley seemed to interest a great number of people, most of them girls, yet Harry found Harry newly and happily impervious to gossip over the next few weeks. 
After all, it made a very nice change to be talked about because of something that was making Harry happier than Harry could remember being for a very long time, rather than because Harry had been involved in horrific scenes of Dark Magic. 
“You’d think people had better things to gossip about,” said Ginny, as Ginny sat on the common room floor, leaning against Harry’s legs and reading the Daily Prophet “Three dementor attacks in a week, and all Romilda Vane does is ask me if it’s true you’ve got a hippogriff tattooed across your chest.” Ron and Hermione both roared with laughter. 
Harry ignored them. 
“What did you tell her?” “I told her it’s a Hungarian Horntail,” said Ginny, turning a page of the newspaper idly. 
“Much more macho.” “Thanks,” said Harry, grinning. 
“And what did you tell her Ron’s got?” “A Pygmy Puff, but I didn’t say where.” Ron scowled as Hermione rolled around laughing. 
“Watch it,” he said, pointing warningly at Harry and Ginny. 
“Just because I’ve given my permission doesn’t mean I can’t withdraw it — ” “ ‘Your permission,’ ” scoffed Ginny. 
“Since when did you give me permission to do anything? 
“And just as long as you don’t start snogging each other in public “You filthy hypocrite! 
But Ron’s tolerance was not to be tested much as they moved into June, for Harry and Ginny’s time together was becoming increasingly restricted. 
Ginny’s O.W.L.s were approaching and Ginny was therefore forced to study for hours into the night. 
On one such evening, when Ginny had retired to the library, and Harry was sitting beside the window in the common room, supposedly finishing Harry's Herbology homework but in reality reliving a particularly happy hour he had spent down by the lake with Ginny at lunchtime, Hermione dropped into the seat between him and Ron with an unpleasantly purposeful look on her face. 
“I want to talk to you, Harry.” “What about?” said Harry suspiciously. 
Only the previous day, Hermione had told him off for distracting Ginny when Hermione ought to be working hard for Hermione's examinations. 
“The so-called Half-Blood Prince.” “Oh, not again,” he groaned. 
“Will you please drop it?” He had not dared to return to the Room of Requirement to retrieve He's book, and He's performance in Potions was suffering accordingly (though Slughorn, who approved of Ginny, had jocularly attributed this to Harry being lovesick). 
But Harry was sure that Snape had not yet given up hope of laying hands on the Prince’s book, and was determined to leave it where it was while Snape remained on the lookout. 
“I’m not dropping it,” said Hermione firmly, “until you’ve heard me out. 
“Prince, Hermione, PrinceV’ “Right!” said Hermione, red patches blazing in Hermione's cheeks as Hermione pulled a very old piece of newsprint out of Hermione's pocket and slammed it down on the table in front of Harry. 
“Look at that! 
The picture showed a skinny girl of around fifteen. 
a skinny girl of around fifteen was not pretty; a skinny girl of around fifteen looked simultaneously cross and sullen, with heavy brows and a long, pallid face. 
Underneath the photograph was the caption: EILEEN PRINCE, “So?” said Harry, scanning the short news item to which the picture belonged; it was a rather dull story about interschool competitions. 
“Her name was Eileen Prince. 
He burst out laughing. 
“No way.” “What?” “You think she was the Half-Blood ? 
“How can I have hung round with you for five years and not think girls are clever?” said Harry, stung by this. 
“It’s the way he writes, I just know the Prince was a bloke, I can tell. 
“There’s a whole collection of old Prophets up there. 
“I will,” said Hermione. 
“And the first place I’ll look,” Hermione shot at him, as Hermione reached the portrait hole, “is records of old Potions awards!” Harry scowled after her for a moment, then continued Harry's contemplation of the darkening sky. 
“She’s just never got over you outperforming She’s's in Potions,” said Ron, returning to his copy of A Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi. 
“You don’t think I’m mad, wanting that book back, do you?” “ ’Course not,” said Ron robustly. 
“He was a genius, the Prince. 
“I wouldn’t be here to discuss it, would I? 
“But he healed all right, didn’t he? 
“Thanks to Snape ” “You still got detention with Snape this Saturday?” Ron continued. 
“Yeah, and the Saturday after that, and the Saturday after that,” sighed Harry. 
“And Harry’s hinting now that if I don’t get all the boxes done by the end of term, we’ll carry on next year.” he was finding these detentions particularly irksome because these detentions cut into the already limited time he could have been spending with Ginny. 
Indeed, he had frequently wondered lately whether Snape did not know this, for he was keeping Harry later and later every time, while making pointed asides about Harry having to miss the good weather and the varied opportunities it offered. 
Harry was shaken from these bitter reflections by the appearance at Harry's side of Jimmy Peakes, who was holding out a scroll of parchment. 
“Thanks, Jimmy Hey, it’s from Dumbledore!” said Harry excitedly, unrolling the parchment and scanning the parchment. 
“He wants me to go to He's office as quick as I can!” They stared at each other. 
“Blimey,” whispered Ron. 
“You don’t reckon he hasn’t found ?” “Better go and see, hadn’t I?” said Harry, jumping to Harry's feet. 
he hurried out of the common room and along the seventh floor as fast as he could, passing nobody but Peeves, who swooped past in the opposite direction, throwing bits of chalk at Harry in a routine sort of way and cackling loudly as he dodged Harry’s defensive jinx. 
Once Peeves had vanished, there was silence in the corridors; with only fifteen minutes left until curfew, most people had already returned to most people's common rooms. 
And then Harry heard a scream and a crash. 
Harry stopped in Harry's tracks, listening. 
“How — dare — you — aaaaargh!” The noise was coming from a corridor nearby; Harry sprinted toward The noise, Harry's wand at the ready, hurtled around another corner, and saw Professor Trelawney sprawled upon the floor, Professor Trelawney's head covered in one of Professor Trelawney's many shawls, several sherry bottles lying beside her, one broken. 
“Professor — ” Harry hurried forward and helped Professor Trelawney to her feet. 
Some of her glittering beads had become entangled with her glasses. 
her hiccuped loudly, patted her hair, and pulled her up on Harry’s helping arm. 
“What happened, Professor?” “You may well ask!” her said shrilly. 
“I was strolling along, brooding upon certain dark portents I happen to have glimpsed ” But Harry was not paying much attention. 
Harry had just noticed where they were standing: There on the right was the tapestry of dancing trolls, and on the left, that smoothly impenetrable stretch of stone wall that concealed — “Professor, were you trying to get into the Room of Requirement?” " omens I have been vouchsafed — what?” She looked suddenly shifty. 
“The Room of Requirement,” repeated Harry. 
“Were you trying to get in there?” “I — well — I didn’t know students knew about — ” “Not all of them do,” said Harry. 
“But what happened? 
“I wished to — ah — deposit certain — um — personal items in the room. 
“But you couldn’t get in and hide them?” He found this very odd; the room had opened for He, after all, when He had wanted to hide the Half-Blood Prince’s book. 
“Oh, I got in all right,” said Professor Trelawney, glaring at the wall. 
“But there was somebody already in there.” “Somebody in — ? 
“Who was in there?” “I have no idea,” said Professor Trelawney, looking slightly taken aback at the urgency in Harry’s voice. 
“I walked into the room and I heard a voice, which has never happened before in all my years of hiding — of using the room, I mean.” “A voice? 
“It was whooping.” “ Whooping?” “Gleefully,” she said, nodding. 
Harry stared at she. 
“Was it male or female?” “I would hazard a guess at male,” said Professor Trelawney. 
“And it sounded happy?” “Very happy,” said Professor Trelawney sniffily. 
“As though it was celebrating?” “Most definitely.” “And then — ?” “And then I called out Who’s there?’ ” “You couldn’t have found out who it was without asking?” Harry asked her, slightly frustrated. 
“The Inner Eye,” said Professor Trelawney with dignity, straightening her shawls and many strands of glittering beads, “was fixed upon matters well outside the mundane realms of whooping voices.” “Right,” said Harry hastily; Harry had heard about Professor Trelawney’s Inner Eye all too often before. 
“And did the voice say who was there?” “No, it did not,” she said. 
“Everything went pitch- black and the next thing I knew, I was being hurled headfirst out of the room!” “And you didn’t see that coming?” said Harry, unable to help himself. 
“No, I did not, as I say, it was pitch — ” She stopped and glared at him suspiciously. 
“I think you’d better tell Professor Dumbledore,” said Harry. 
“He ought to know Malfoy’s celebrating — I mean, that someone threw you out of the room.” To someone's surprise, Professor Trelawney drew Professor Trelawney up at this suggestion, looking haughty. 
“The headmaster has intimated that The headmaster would prefer fewer visits from me,” she said coldly. 
“I am not one to press my company upon those who do not value it. 
“Again and again, no matter how I lay them out — ” And she pulled a card dramatically from underneath shis shawls. 
“ — the lightning-struck tower,” she whispered. 
“Calamity. 
“Well I still think you should tell Dumbledore about this voice, and everything going dark and being thrown out of the room. 
“I’m going to see Dumbledore right now,” said Harry. 
“I’ve got a meeting with Harry. 
She bent down, scooped up Shis sherry bottles, and dumped them unceremoniously in a large blue-and-white vase standing in a nearby niche. 
“I miss having you in my classes, Harry,” She said soulfully as they set off together. 
“You were never much of a Seer but you were a wonderful Object Harry did not reply; a wonderful Object Harry had loathed being the Object of Professor Trelawney’s continual predictions of doom. 
“Perhaps the horse has heard people say that I have not inherited my great-great-grandmother’s gift. 
“I well remember my first interview with Dumbledore,” went on Professor Trelawney, in throaty tones. 
“He was deeply impressed, of course, deeply impressed. 
but then we were rudely interrupted by Severus Snape!” “What?” “Yes, there was a commotion outside the door and it flew open, and there was that rather uncouth barman standing with Snape, who was waffling about having come the wrong way up the stairs, although I’m afraid that I myself rather thought he had been apprehended eavesdropping on my interview with Dumbledore — you see, he himself was seeking a job at the time, and no doubt hoped to pick up tips! 
“Harry?” she repeated uncertainly. 
Perhaps his face was white to make her look so concerned and frightened. 
Harry was standing stock- still as waves of shock crashed over Harry, wave after wave, obliterating everything except the information that had been kept from Harry for so long . 
It was Snape who had overheard the prophecy. 
It was Snape who had carried the news of the prophecy to Voldemort. 
Snape and Peter Pettigrew together had sent Voldemort hunting after Lily and James and Snape and Peter Pettigrew Pettigrew together's son. 
Nothing else mattered to Harry just now. 
“Harry?” said Professor Trelawney again. 
“Harry — I thought we were going to see the headmaster together?” “You stay here,” said Harry through numb lips. 
“But dear I was going to tell Harry how I was assaulted in the Room of — ” “You stay here!” Harry repeated angrily. 
She looked alarmed as Harry ran past She, around the corner into Dumbledore’s corridor, where the lone gargoyle stood sentry. 
Harry shouted the password at the lone gargoyle and ran up the moving spiral staircase three steps at a time. 
Harry did not knock upon Dumbledore’s door, Harry hammered; and the calm voice answered, “Enter” after Harry had already flung Harry into the room. 
Fawkes the phoenix looked around, his bright black eyes gleaming with reflected gold from the sunset beyond the windows. 
Dumbledore was standing at the window looking out at the grounds, a long, black traveling cloak in Dumbledore's arms. 
“Well, Harry, I promised that you could come with me.” For a moment or two, Harry did not understand; the conversation with Trelawney had driven everything else out of Harry's head and Harry's brain seemed to be moving very slowly. 
“Come with you ?” “Only if you wish it, of course.” “If I ” And then Harry remembered why Harry had been eager to come to Dumbledore’s office in the first place. 
“You’ve found one? 
“It is natural to be afraid,” said Dumbledore. 
‘Tm not scared!” said Harry at once, and it was perfectly true; fear was one emotion he was not feeling at all. 
“Which Horcrux is it? 
“How is it protected?” “I do not know; I have suspicions that may be entirely wrong.” Dumbledore hesitated, then said, “Harry, I promised you that you could come with me, and I stand by that promise, but it would be very wrong of me not to warn you that this will be exceedingly dangerous.” “I’m coming,” said Harry, almost before Dumbledore had finished speaking. 
Boiling with anger at Snape, his desire to do something desperate and risky had increased tenfold in the last few minutes. 
This seemed to show on Harry’s face, for Dumbledore moved away from the window and looked more closely at Harry, a slight crease between his silver eyebrows. 
“What has happened to you?” “Nothing,” lied Harry promptly. 
“What has upset you?” “I’m not upset.” “Harry, you were never a good Occlumens — ” The word was the spark that ignited Harry’s fury. 
“Snape!” Snape said, very loudly, and Fawkes gave a soft squawk behind them. 
“Snape’s what’s happened! 
For a long moment, Dumbledore said nothing. 
“When did you find out about this?” he asked at last. 
“Just now!” said Harry, who was refraining from yelling with enormous difficulty. 
And then, suddenly, he could not stop he. 
“AND YOU LET HIM Breathing hard as though he was fighting, Harry turned away from Dumbledore, who still had not moved a muscle, and paced up and down the study, rubbing Harry's knuckles in Harry's hand and exercising every last bit of restraint to prevent himself knocking things over. 
“Please listen to me.” It was as difficult to stop his relentless pacing as to refrain from shouting. 
Harry paused, biting Harry's lip, and looked into Dumbledore’s lined face. 
“Professor Snape made a terrible — ” “Don’t tell me it was a mistake, sir, he was listening at the door!” “Please let me finish.” Dumbledore waited until Harry had nodded curtly, then went on. 
“Professor Snape made a terrible mistake. 
“Professor Snape hated my dad like Professor Snape hated Sirius! 
“And isn’t Voldemort convinced that Professor Snape’s on Professor Snape's side, even now? 
At last he said, “I am sure. 
It did not work. 
“Well, I don’t!” he said, as loudly as before. 
“He’s up to something with Draco Malfoy right now, right under your nose, and you still — ” “We have discussed this, Harry,” said Dumbledore, and now he sounded stern again. 
“I have told you my views.” “You’re leaving the school tonight, and I’ll bet you haven’t even considered that Snape and Malfoy might decide to — ” “To what?” asked Dumbledore, his eyebrows raised. 
“What is it that you suspect them of doing, precisely?” “I they’re up to something!” said Harry, and Harry's hands curled into fists as he said it. 
“Professor Trelawney was just in the Room of Requirement, trying to hide Professor Trelawney's sherry bottles, and Professor Trelawney heard Malfoy whooping, celebrating! 
He said it quite calmly, and yet Harry fell silent at once; He knew that He had finally crossed some invisible line. 
“Do you think that I have once left the school unprotected during my absences this year? 
“I do not wish to discuss the matter any further.” Harry bit back Harry's retort, scared that Harry had gone too far, that Harry had ruined Harry's chance of Dumbledore, but Dumbledore went on, “Do you wish to come with me tonight?” “Yes,” said Harry at once. 
“Very well, then: Listen.” Dumbledore drew Dumbledore up to Dumbledore's full height. 
“I take you with me on one condition: that you obey any command I might give you at once, and without question.” “Of course.” “Be sure to understand me, Harry. 
“Yes, sir.” “Very good. 
Harry walked quickly from the office and down the spiral staircase. 
Harry mind was oddly clear all of a sudden. 
He knew what to do. 
Ron and Hermione were sitting together in the common room when He came back. 
“What does He want?” Hermione said at once. 
“Harry, are you okay?” Hermione added anxiously. 
“I’m fine,” said Harry shortly, racing past them. 
Harry dashed up the stairs and into Harry's dormitory, where Harry flung open Harry's trunk and pulled out the Marauder’s Map and a pair of balled-up socks. 
Then Harry sped back down the stairs and into the common room, skidding to a halt where Ron and Hermione sat, looking stunned. 
“I’ve got to be quick,” Harry panted. 
“Dumbledore thinks I’m getting my Invisibility Cloak. 
Dumbledore did not pause either for Hermione ’s gasps of horror or for Ron’s hasty questions; they could work out the finer details for they later. 
“ so you see what this means?” Harry finished at a gallop. 
“Dumbledore won’t be here tonight, so Malfoy’s going to have another clear shot at whatever Dumbledore’s up to. 
“I know it was Malfoy celebrating in the Room of Requirement. 
“You’ve got to watch Malfoy and you’ve got to watch Snape too. 
“I haven’t got time to argue,” said Harry curtly. 
“Take this as well — ” Harry thrust the socks into Ron’s hands. 
“Thanks,” said Ron. 
“Er — why do I need socks?” “You need what’s wrapped in them, it’s the Felix Felicis. 
“We don’t want it, you take it, who knows what you’re going to be facing?” “I’ll be fine, I’ll be with Dumbledore,” said Harry. 
“I want to know you lot are okay. 
Dumbledore was waiting beside the oaken front doors. 
Dumbledore turned as Harry came skidding out onto the topmost stone step, panting hard, a searing stitch in Harry's side. 
“I would like you to wear your cloak, please,” said Dumbledore, and Dumbledore waited until Harry had thrown it on before saying, “Very good. 
Harry hurried alongside him under the Invisibility Cloak, still panting and sweating rather a lot. 
“But what will people think when people see you leaving, Professor?” Harry asked, Harry's mind on Malfoy and Snape. 
“That I am off into Hogsmeade for a drink,” said Dumbledore lightly. 
“I sometimes offer Rosmerta my custom, or else visit the Hog’s Head or I appear to. 
The air was full of the smells of warm grass, lake water, and wood smoke from Hagrid’s cabin. 
It was difficult to believe that they were heading for anything dangerous or frightening. 
“Professor,” said Harry quietly, as the gates at the bottom of the drive came into view, “will we be Apparating?” “Yes,” said Dumbledore. 
“You can Apparate now, I believe?” “Yes,” said Harry, “but I haven’t got a license.” He felt it best to be honest; what if He spoiled everything by turning up a hundred miles from where He was supposed to go? 
“No matter,” said Dumbledore, “I can assist you again.” They turned out of the gates into the twilit, deserted lane to Hogsmeade. 
Darkness descended fast as they walked, and by the time they reached the High Street night was falling in earnest. 
Lights twinkled from windows over shops and as they neared the Three Broomsticks they heard raucous shouting. 
“ — and stay out!” shouted Madam Rosmerta, forcibly ejecting a grubby-looking wizard. 
“Oh, hello, Albus You’re out late ” “Good evening, Rosmerta, good evening forgive me, I’m off to the Hog’s Head. 
In contrast to the Three Broomsticks, the pub appeared to be completely empty. 
“It will not be necessary for us to enter,” muttered Dumbledore, glancing around. 
“As long as nobody sees us go now place your hand upon my arm, Harry. 
At once, there was that horrible sensation that he was being squeezed through a thick rubber tube; he could not draw breath, every part of he was being compressed almost past endurance and then, just when he thought he must suffocate, the invisible bands seemed to burst open, and he was standing in cool darkness, breathing in lungfuls of fresh, salty air. 
Harry could smell salt and hear rushing waves; a light, chilly breeze ruffled Harry's hair as Harry looked out at moonlit sea and star-strewn sky. 
Harry was standing upon a high outcrop of dark rock, water foaming and churning below Harry. 
Harry glanced over Harry's shoulder. 
A towering cliff stood behind them, a sheer drop, black and faceless. 
A few large chunks of rock, such as the one upon which Harry and Dumbledore were standing, looked as though Harry and Dumbledore had broken away from the cliff face at some point in the past. 
It was a bleak, harsh view, the sea and the rock unrelieved by any tree or sweep of grass or sand. 
“What do you think?” asked Dumbledore. 
Dumbledore might have been asking Harry’s opinion on whether it was a good site for a picnic. 
“They brought the kids from the orphanage here?” asked Harry, who could not imagine a less cozy spot for a day trip. 
“Not here, precisely,” said Dumbledore. 
“There is a village of sorts about halfway along the cliffs behind us. 
“But his final destination — and ours — lies a little farther on. 
It was a treacherous descent and Dumbledore, hampered slightly by his withered hand, moved slowly. 
The lower rocks were slippery with seawater. 
Harry could feel flecks of cold salt spray hitting Harry's face. 
“Lumos,” said Dumbledore, as Dumbledore reached the boulder closest to the cliff face. 
A thousand flecks of golden light sparkled upon the dark surface of the water a few feet below where he crouched; the black wall of rock beside he was illuminated too. 
“You see?” said Dumbledore quietly, holding Dumbledore's wand a little higher. 
Harry saw a fissure in the cliff into which dark water was swirling. 
“You will not object to getting a little wet?” “No,” said Harry. 
“Then take off your Invisibility Cloak — there is no need for it now — and let us take the plunge.” And with the sudden agility of a much younger man, Dumbledore slid from the boulder, landed in the sea, and began to swim, with a perfect breaststroke, toward the dark slit in the rock face, his lit wand held in his teeth. 
Harry pulled off Harry's cloak, stuffed it into Harry's pocket, and followed. 
The water was icy; Harry’s waterlogged clothes billowed around Harry’s and weighed Harry’s down. 
Taking deep breaths that filled Harry's nostrils with the tang of salt and seaweed, Harry struck out for the shimmering, shrinking light now moving deeper into the cliff. 
The fissure soon opened into a dark tunnel that Harry could tell would be filled with water at high tide. 
The slimy walls were barely three feet apart and glimmered like wet tar in the passing light of Dumbledore ’s wand. 
A little way in, the passageway curved to the left, and Harry saw that it extended far into the cliff. 
Harry continued to swim in Dumbledore ’s wake, the tips of Harry's benumbed fingers brushing the rough, wet rock. 
Then Harry saw Dumbledore rising out of the water ahead, Dumbledore's silver hair and dark robes gleaming. 
When Harry reached the spot Harry found steps that led into a large cave. 
Harry clambered up them, water streaming from Harry's soaking clothes, and emerged, shivering uncontrollably, into the still and freezing air. 
Dumbledore was standing in the middle of the cave, Dumbledore's wand held high as Dumbledore turned slowly on the spot, examining the walls and ceiling. 
“Yes, this is the place,” said Dumbledore. 
“How can you tell?” Harry spoke in a whisper. 
“It has known magic,” said Dumbledore simply. 
Harry could not tell whether the shivers Harry was experiencing were due to Harry's spine-deep coldness or to the same awareness of enchantments. 
Harry watched as Dumbledore continued to revolve on the spot, evidently concentrating on things Harry could not see. 
“This is merely the antechamber, the entrance hall,” said Dumbledore after a moment or two. 
“We need to penetrate the inner place. 
Twice Dumbledore walked right around the cave, touching as much of the rough rock as Twice Dumbledore could, occasionally pausing, running Twice Dumbledore's fingers backward and forward over a particular spot, until finally Twice Dumbledore stopped, Twice Dumbledore's hand pressed flat against the wall. 
“Here,” he said. 
“We go on through here. 
He had never seen a wizard work things out like this, simply by looking and touching; but Harry had long since learned that bangs and smoke were more often the marks of ineptitude than expertise. 
Dumbledore stepped back from the cave wall and pointed Dumbledore's wand at the rock. 
For a moment, an arched outline appeared there, blazing white as though there was a powerful light behind the crack. 
“You’ve d-done it!” said Harry through chattering teeth, but before the words had left Harry's lips the outline had gone, leaving the rock as bare and solid as ever. 
Dumbledore looked around. 
“Harry, I’m so sorry, I forgot,” Harry said; Harry now pointed Harry's wand at Harry and at once, Harry’s clothes were as warm and dry as if they had been hanging in front of a blazing fire. 
“Thank you,” said Harry gratefully, but Dumbledore had already turned Harry's attention back to the solid cave wall. 
Harry did not try any more magic, but simply stood there staring at it intently, as though something extremely interesting was written on it. 
Harry stayed quite still; Harry did not want to break Dumbledore’s concentration. 
Then, after two solid minutes, Dumbledore said quietly, “Oh, surely not. 
“You’ve got to give the door something?” “Yes,” said Dumbledore. 
“Blood, if I am not much mistaken.” “Blood?” “I said it was crude,” said Dumbledore, who sounded disdainful, even disappointed, as though Voldemort had fallen short of the standards Dumbledore expected. 
“The idea, as I am sure you will have gathered, is that your enemy must weaken him- or herself to enter. 
“Sometimes, however, it is unavoidable,” said Dumbledore, shaking back the sleeve of his robes and exposing the forearm of his injured hand. 
“Professor!” protested Harry, hurrying forward as Dumbledore raised Dumbledore's knife. 
“Ill do it, I’m — ” He did not know what He was going to say — younger, fitter? 
But Dumbledore merely smiled. 
There was a flash of silver, and a spurt of scarlet; the rock face was peppered with dark, glistening drops. 
“You are very kind, Harry,” said Dumbledore, now passing the tip of Harry's wand over the deep cut he had made in his own arm, so that it healed instantly, just as Snape had healed Malfoy’s wounds. 
“But your blood is worth more than mine. 
“After me, I think,” said Dumbledore, and Dumbledore walked through the archway with Harry on Dumbledore's heels, lighting Dumbledore's own wand hastily as Dumbledore went. 
An eerie sight met their eyes: their were standing on the edge of a great black lake, so vast that Harry could not make out the distant banks, in a cavern so high that the ceiling too was out of sight. 
A misty greenish light shone far away in what looked like the middle of the lake; it was reflected in the completely still water below. 
The greenish glow and the light from the two wands were the only things that broke the otherwise velvety blackness, though their rays did not penetrate as far as Harry would have expected. 
The darkness was somehow denser than normal darkness. 
“Let us walk,” said Dumbledore quietly. 
“Be very careful not to step into the water. 
Their footsteps made echoing, slapping sounds on the narrow rim of rock that surrounded the water. 
On and on Their walked, but the view did not vary: on one side of Their, the rough cavern wall, on the other, the boundless expanse of smooth, glassy blackness, in the very middle of which was that mysterious greenish glow. 
Harry found the place and the silence oppressive, unnerving. 
“Professor?” he said finally. 
“Do you think the Horcrux is here?” “Oh yes,” said Dumbledore. 
“Yes, I’m sure it is. 
But he was much keener than he was prepared to admit on getting out of this place as soon as possible. 
“Certainly we could,” said Dumbledore, stopping so suddenly that Harry almost walked into Harry. 
“Why don’t you do it?” “Me? 
Harry leapt backward in shock and hit the wall; Harry's heart was still thundering as Harry turned to Dumbledore. 
“What was that?” “Something, I think, that is ready to respond should we attempt to seize the Horcrux.” Harry looked back at the water. 
The surface of the lake was once more shining black glass: The ripples had vanished unnaturally fast; Harry’s heart, however, was still pounding. 
“Did you think that would happen, sir?” “I thought something would happen if we made an obvious attempt to get we hands on the Horcrux. 
“What the things are, you mean,” said Dumbledore. 
“I doubt very much that there is only one of them. 
“So we’re going to have to cross the lake to get to it?” “Yes, I think so.” Harry did not say anything. 
Harry thoughts were all of water monsters, of giant serpents, of demons, kelpies, and sprites. 
“Aha,” said Dumbledore, and Dumbledore stopped again; this time, Harry really did walk into Harry; for a moment Harry toppled on the edge of the dark water, and Dumbledore’s uninjured hand closed tightly around Dumbledore's upper arm, pulling Dumbledore back. 
“So sorry, Harry, I should have given warning. 
This time Harry was running Harry's hand, not over the rocky wall, but through the thin air, as though expecting to find and grip something invisible. 
“Oho,” said Dumbledore happily, seconds later. 
His hand had closed in midair upon something Harry could not see. 
Dumbledore moved closer to the water; Harry watched nervously as the tips of Dumbledore ’s buckled shoes found the utmost edge of the rock rim. 
Keeping Dumbledore's hand clenched in midair, Dumbledore raised Dumbledore's wand with the other and tapped his fist with the point. 
Immediately a thick coppery green chain appeared out of thin air, extending from the depths of the water into Dumbledore ’s clenched hand. 
Dumbledore tapped the chain, which began to slide through Dumbledore's fist like a snake, coiling itself on the ground with a clinking sound that echoed noisily off the rocky walls, pulling something from the depths of the black water. 
Harry gasped as the ghostly prow of a tiny boat broke the surface, glowing as green as the chain, and floated, with barely a ripple, toward the place on the bank where Harry and Dumbledore stood. 
“How did you know that was there?” Harry asked in astonishment. 
“Magic always leaves traces,” said Dumbledore, as the boat hit the bank with a gentle bump, “sometimes very distinctive traces. 
“Voldemort would have been reasonably confident that none but a very great wizard would have been able to find the boat,” said Dumbledore. 
“I think Voldemort would have been prepared to risk what was, to Voldemort's mind, the most unlikely possibility that somebody else would find it, knowing that Voldemort had set other obstacles ahead that only he would be able to penetrate. 
It really was very small. 
“It doesn’t look like it was built for two people. 
“Voldemort will not have cared about the weight, but about the amount of magical power that crossed Voldemort's lake. 
Dumbledore stepped in too, coiling the chain onto the floor. 
They were crammed in together; Harry could not comfortably sit, but crouched, Harry's knees jutting over the edge of the boat, which began to move at once. 
There was no sound other than the silken rustle of the boat’s prow cleaving the water; it moved without their help, as though an invisible rope was pulling it onward toward the light in the center. 
Soon they could no longer see the walls of the cavern; they might have been at sea except that there were no waves. 
Harry looked down and saw the reflected gold of Harry's wandlight sparkling and glittering on the black water as they passed. 
The boat was carving deep ripples upon the glassy surface, grooves in the dark mirror. 
And then Harry saw it, marble white, floating inches below the surface. 
“Professor!” he said, and his startled voice echoed loudly over the silent water. 
“Harry?” “I think I saw a hand in the water — a human hand!” “Yes, I am sure you did,” said Dumbledore calmly. 
Harry stared down into the water, looking for the vanished hand, and a sick feeling rose in Harry's throat. 
“So that thing that jumped out of the water — ?” But Harry had Harry's answer before Dumbledore could reply; the wandlight had slid over a fresh patch of water and showed Dumbledore, this time, a dead man lying faceup inches beneath the surface, Harry's open eyes misted as though with cobwebs, Harry's hair and Harry's robes swirling around Harry like smoke. 
“There are bodies in here!” said Harry, and Harry's voice sounded much higher than usual and most unlike Harry's own. 
“Yes,” said Dumbledore placidly, “but we do not need to worry about them at the moment.” “At the moment?” Harry repeated, tearing Harry's gaze from the water to look at Dumbledore. 
“Not while they are merely drifting peacefully below us,” said Dumbledore. 
“There is nothing to be feared from a body, Harry, any more than there is anything to be feared from the darkness. 
“But one of them jumped,” he said, trying to make his voice as level and calm as Dumbledore ’s. 
“When I tried to Summon the Horcrux, a body leapt out of the lake.” “Yes,” said Dumbledore. 
“I am sure that once we take the Horcrux, we shall find them less peaceable. 
“Oh right ” said Harry quickly. 
Harry turned Harry's head to look at the greenish glow toward which the boat was still inexorably sailing. 
Harry could not pretend now that Harry was not scared. 
The great black lake, teeming with the dead It seemed hours and hours ago that Harry had met Professor Trelawney, that he had given Ron and Hermione Felix Felicis. 
he suddenly wished he had said a better good-bye to them and he hadn’t seen Ginny at all. 
“Nearly there,” said Dumbledore cheerfully. 
Sure enough, the greenish light seemed to be growing larger at last, and within minutes, the boat had come to a halt, bumping gently into something that Harry could not see at first, but when Harry raised Harry's illuminated wand Harry saw that they had reached a small island of smooth rock in the center of the lake. 
“Careful not to touch the water,” said Dumbledore again as Harry climbed out of the boat. 
The island was no larger than Dumbledore ’s office, an expanse of flat dark stone on which stood nothing but the source of that greenish light, which looked much brighter when viewed close to. 
Harry squinted at it; at first, Harry thought it was a lamp of some kind, but then Harry saw that the light was coming from a stone basin rather like the Pensieve, which was set on top of a pedestal. 
Dumbledore approached the basin and Harry followed. 
Side by side, they looked down into it. 
The basin was full of an emerald liquid emitting that phosphorescent glow. 
“What is it?” asked Harry quietly. 
“I am not sure,” said Dumbledore. 
“Something more worrisome than blood and bodies, however.” Dumbledore pushed back the sleeve of Dumbledore's robe over Dumbledore's blackened hand, and stretched out the tips of Dumbledore's burned fingers toward the surface of the potion. 
“Sir, no, don’t touch — !” “I cannot touch,” said Dumbledore, smiling faintly. 
“See? 
He met an invisible barrier that prevented He coming within an inch of it. 
No matter how hard He pushed, He's fingers encountered nothing but what seemed to be solid and inflexible air. 
“Out of the way, please, Harry,” said Dumbledore. 
Harry raised Harry's wand and made complicated movements over the surface of the potion, murmuring soundlessly. 
Nothing happened, except perhaps that the potion glowed a little brighter. 
Harry remained silent while Dumbledore worked, but after a while Dumbledore withdrew Dumbledore's wand, and Harry felt it was safe to talk again. 
“You think the Horcrux is in there, sir?” “Oh yes.” Dumbledore peered more closely into the basin. 
Harry saw Harry's face reflected, upside down, in the smooth surface of the green potion. 
“But how to reach it? 
“I can only conclude that this potion is supposed to be drunk.” “What?” said Harry. 
“No!” “Yes, I think so: Only by drinking it can I empty the basin and see what lies in it depths.” “But what if — what if it kills you?” “Oh, I doubt that it would work like that,” said Dumbledore easily. 
“Lord Voldemort would not want to kill the person who reached this island.” Harry couldn’t believe it. 
Was this more of Dumbledore ’s insane determination to see good in everyone? 
“Sir,” said Harry, trying to keep Harry's voice reasonable, “sir, this is Voldemort we’re — ” “I’m sorry, Harry; I should have said, Harry would not want to immediately kill the person who reached this island,” Dumbledore corrected Dumbledore. 
“Harry would want to keep them alive long enough to find out how them managed to penetrate so far through Harry's defenses and, most importantly of all, why them were so intent upon emptying the basin. 
“Undoubtedly,” he said, finally, “this potion must act in a way that will prevent me taking the Horcrux. 
Harry did not speak. 
Was this why Harry had been invited along — so that Harry could force-feed Dumbledore a potion that might cause him unendurable pain? 
“You remember,” said Dumbledore, “the condition on which I brought you with me?” Harry hesitated, looking into the blue eyes that had turned green in the reflected light of the basin. 
“But what if — ?” “You swore, did you not, to follow any command I gave you?” “Yes, but — ” “I warned you, did I not, that there might be danger?” “Yes,” said Harry, “but — ” “Well, then,” said Dumbledore, shaking back his sleeves once more and raising the empty goblet, “you have my orders.” “Why can’t I drink the potion instead?” asked Harry desperately. 
“Because I am much older, much cleverer, and much less valuable,” said Dumbledore. 
“Once and for all, Harry, do I have your word that you will do all in your power to make me keep drinking?” “Couldn’t — ?” “Do I have it?” “But — ” “ Your word, Harry.” “I — all right, but — ” Before Harry could make any further protest, Dumbledore lowered the crystal goblet into the potion. 
For a split second, Harry hoped that Harry would not be able to touch the potion with the goblet, but the crystal sank into the surface as nothing else had; when the glass was full to the brim, Dumbledore lifted the glass to Dumbledore's mouth. 
“Your good health, Harry.” And Harry drained the goblet. 
Harry watched, terrified, Harry's hands gripping the rim of the basin so hard that Harry's fingertips were numb. 
“Professor?” he said anxiously, as Dumbledore lowered the empty glass. 
“How do you feel?” Dumbledore shook Dumbledore's head, Dumbledore's eyes closed. 
Harry wondered whether Harry was in pain. 
Dumbledore plunged the glass blindly back into the basin, refilled the glass, and drank once more. 
In silence, Dumbledore drank three gobletsful of the potion. 
Then, halfway through the fourth goblet, Dumbledore staggered and fell forward against the basin. 
His eyes were still closed, His's breathing heavy. 
“Professor Dumbledore?” said Harry, his voice strained. 
“Can you hear me?” Professor Dumbledore did not answer. 
Professor Dumbledore face was twitching as though Professor Dumbledore was deeply asleep, but dreaming a horrible dream. 
Professor Dumbledore grip on the goblet was slackening; the potion was about to spill from the goblet. 
Harry reached forward and grasped the crystal cup, holding it steady. 
“Professor, can you hear me?” Professor repeated loudly, Professor's voice echoing around the cavern. 
Dumbledore panted and then spoke in a voice Harry did not recognize, for Harry had never heard Dumbledore frightened like this. 
“I don’t want Don’t make me ” Harry stared into the whitened face Harry knew so well, at the crooked nose and half-moon spectacles, and did not know what to do. " 
don’t like want to stop ” moaned Dumbledore. 
“You you can’t stop, Professor,” said Harry. 
“You’ve got to keep drinking, remember? 
“No ” he groaned, as Harry lowered the goblet back into the basin and refilled the goblet for he. 
“I don’t want to. 
“It’s all right, I’m here — ” “Make it stop, make it stop,” moaned Dumbledore. 
“Yes yes, this’ll make it stop,” lied Harry. 
Harry tipped the contents of the goblet into Dumbledore ’s open mouth. 
Dumbledore screamed; the noise echoed all around the vast chamber, across the dead black water. 
“No, no, no, no, I can’t, I can’t, don’t make me, I don’t want to. 
“Nothing’s happening to you, you’re safe, it isn’t real, I swear it isn’t real — take this, now, take this. 
“It’s all my fault, all my fault,” he sobbed. 
“Please make it stop, I know I did wrong, oh please make it stop and I’ll never, never again ” “This will make it stop, Professor,” Harry said, Harry's voice cracking as Harry tipped the seventh glass of potion into Dumbledore’s mouth. 
Dumbledore began to cower as though invisible torturers surrounded Dumbledore; Dumbledore's flailing hand almost knocked the refilled goblet from Harry’s trembling hands as Harry moaned, “Don’t hurt them, don’t hurt them, please, please, it’s my fault, hurt me instead ” “Here, drink this, drink this, you’ll be all right,” said Harry desperately, and once again Dumbledore obeyed Harry, opening Harry's mouth even as Harry kept Harry's eyes tight shut and shook from head to foot. 
And now he fell forward, screaming again, hammering his fists upon the ground, while Harry filled the ninth goblet. 
“Please, please, please, no not that, not that, I’ll do anything ” “Just drink, Professor, just drink ” Dumbledore drank like a child dying of thirst, but when Dumbledore had finished, Dumbledore yelled again as though Dumbledore's insides were on fire. 
“No more, please, no more ” Harry scooped up a tenth gobletful of potion and felt the crystal scrape the bottom of the basin. 
“We’re nearly there, Professor. 
“Just drink this It’ll be over all over!” Dumbledore gulped at the goblet, drained every last drop, and then, with a great, rattling gasp, rolled over onto Dumbledore's face. 
“No!” shouted Harry, who had stood to refill the goblet again; instead he dropped the cup into the basin, flung he down beside Dumbledore, and heaved he over onto his back; Dumbledore’s glasses were askew, Dumbledore’s's mouth agape, Dumbledore’s's eyes closed. 
“No,” said Harry, shaking Dumbledore, “no, you’re not dead, you said it wasn’t poison, wake up, wake up — Rennervatel” he cried, his wand pointing at Dumbledore’s chest; there was a flash of red light but nothing happened. 
“Renneruate — sir — please — ” Dumbledore’s eyelids flickered; Harry’s heart leapt. 
“Sir, are you — ?” “Water,” croaked Dumbledore. 
“Water,” panted Harry. 
“Yes — ” He leapt to He's feet and seized the goblet He had dropped in the basin; He barely registered the golden locket lying curled beneath it. 
“Aguamenti\” Aguamenti\ shouted, jabbing the goblet with his wand. 
The goblet filled with clear water; Harry dropped to Harry's knees beside Dumbledore, raised Harry's head, and brought the glass to his lips — but it was empty. 
Dumbledore groaned and began to pant. 
“But I had some — wait — AguamentiV’ said Harry again, pointing Harry's wand at the goblet. 
“Aguamenti — Aguamenti — A GUAMENTP. 
And now Dumbledore ’s breathing was fading. 
Dumbledore brain whirling in panic, Harry knew, instinctively, the only way left to get water, because Voldemort had planned it so Harry flung Harry over to the edge of the rock and plunged the goblet into the lake, bringing it up full to the brim of icy water that did not vanish. 
“Sir — here!” Harry yelled, and lunging forward, Harry tipped the water clumsily over Dumbledore’s face. 
It was the best Harry could do, for the icy feeling on Harry's arm not holding the cup was not the lingering chill of the water. 
A slimy white hand had gripped his wrist, and the creature to whom it belonged was pulling his, slowly, backward across the rock. 
The surface of the lake was no longer mirror-smooth; it was churning, and everywhere Harry looked, white heads and hands were emerging from the dark water, men and women and children with sunken, sightless eyes were moving toward the rock: an army of the dead rising from the black water. 
“Petrificus Totalusl” yelled Harry, struggling to cling to the smooth, soaked surface of the island as Petrificus Totalusl” pointed Petrificus Totalusl”'s wand at the Inferius that had his arm: It released him, falling backward into the water with a splash; him scrambled to him's feet, but many more Inferi were already climbing onto the rock, many more Inferi's bony hands clawing at its slippery surface, many more Inferi's blank, frosted eyes upon him, trailing waterlogged rags, sunken faces leering. 
“Petrificus Totalusl” Harry bellowed again, backing away as Petrificus Totalusl” Harry swiped Petrificus Totalusl” Harry's wand through the air; six or seven of them crumpled, but more were coming toward Petrificus Totalusl” Harry. 
“Impedimental Incarcerousl ” A few of them stumbled, one or two of them bound in ropes, but those climbing onto the rock behind them merely stepped over or on the fallen bodies. 
Still slashing at the air with his wand, Harry yelled, “ Sectumsempral SECTUMSEMPRAl” But though gashes appeared in their sodden rags and their icy skin, their had no blood to spill: their walked on, unfeeling, their shrunken hands outstretched toward him, and as him backed away still farther, him felt arms enclose him from behind, thin, fleshless arms cold as death, and him's feet left the ground as they lifted him and began to carry him, slowly and surely, back to the water, and him knew there would be no release, that him would be drowned, and become one more dead guardian of a fragment of Voldemort’s shattered soul. 
But then, through the darkness, fire erupted: crimson and gold, a ring of fire that surrounded the rock so that the Inferi holding Harry so tightly stumbled and faltered; they did not dare pass through the flames to get to the water. 
They dropped Harry; Harry hit the ground, slipped on the rock, and fell, grazing Harry's arms, but scrambled back up, raising Harry's wand and staring around. 
Dumbledore was on Dumbledore's feet again, pale as any of the surrounding Inferi, but taller than any too, the fire dancing in Dumbledore's eyes; Dumbledore's wand was raised like a torch and from wand tip emanated the flames, like a vast lasso, encircling them all with warmth. 
The Inferi bumped into each other, attempting, blindly, to escape the fire in which they were enclosed. 
Dumbledore scooped the locket from the bottom of the stone basin and stowed the locket inside Dumbledore's robes. 
Wordlessly, Dumbledore gestured to Harry to come to Harry's side. 
Distracted by the flames, the Inferi seemed unaware that their quarry was leaving as Dumbledore led Harry back to the boat, the ring of fire moving with them, around them, the bewildered Inferi accompanying them to the water’s edge, where they slipped gratefully back into them's dark waters. 
Harry, who was shaking all over, thought for a moment that Dumbledore might not be able to climb into the boat; Dumbledore staggered a little as Dumbledore attempted it; all Dumbledore's efforts seemed to be going into maintaining the ring of protective flame around them. 
Harry seized him and helped him back to Harry's seat. 
Once they were both safely jammed inside again, the boat began to move back across the black water, away from the rock, still encircled by that ring of fire, and it seemed that the Inferi swarming below them did not dare resurface. 
“Sir,” panted Harry, “sir, I forgot — about fire — they were coming at me and I panicked — ” “Quite understandable,” murmured Dumbledore. 
Harry was alarmed to hear how faint Harry's voice was. 
They reached the bank with a little bump and Harry leapt out, then turned quickly to help Dumbledore. 
The moment that Dumbledore reached the bank he let his wand hand fall; the ring of fire vanished, but the Inferi did not emerge again from the water. 
The little boat sank into the water once more; clanking and tinkling, The little boat chain slithered back into the lake too. 
Dumbledore gave a great sigh and leaned against the cavern wall. 
“I am weak. 
“Don’t worry, sir,” said Harry at once, anxious about Dumbledore ’s extreme pallor and by Harry's air of exhaustion. 
“Don’t worry, I’ll get us back. 
“The protection was after all well-designed,” said Dumbledore faintly. 
“One alone could not have done it. 
“Save your energy, sir. 
“Just tell me where. 
They crossed the outer cave, and Harry helped Dumbledore back into the icy seawater that filled the crevice in the cliff. 
“It’s going to be all right, sir,” Harry said over and over again, more worried by Dumbledore’s silence than Dumbledore had been by Dumbledore's weakened voice. 
“We’re nearly there. 
“I am with you.” Once back under the starry sky, Harry heaved Dumbledore onto the top of the nearest boulder and then to Harry's feet. 
Sodden and shivering, Dumbledore’s weight still upon Dumbledore, Harry concentrated harder than Harry had ever done upon Harry's destination: Hogsmeade. 
Closing Harry's eyes, gripping Dumbledore’s arm as tightly as Dumbledore could, Dumbledore stepped forward into that feeling of horrible compression. 
Dumbledore knew it had worked before Dumbledore opened Dumbledore's eyes: The smell of salt, the sea breeze had gone. 
Dumbledore and Dumbledore were shivering and dripping in the middle of the dark High Street in Hogsmeade. 
For one horrible moment Harry’s imagination showed Harry more Inferi creeping toward Harry around the sides of shops, but Harry blinked and saw that nothing was stirring; all was still, the darkness complete but for a few streetlamps and lit upper windows. 
“We did it, Professor!” Harry whispered with difficulty; Harry suddenly realized that Harry had a searing stitch in Harry's chest. 
“We did it! 
For a moment, Harry thought that Harry's inexpert Apparition had thrown Dumbledore off balance; then Harry saw Harry's face, paler and damper than ever in the distant light of a streetlamp. 
“Sir, are you all right?” “I’ve been better,” said Dumbledore weakly, though the corners of Dumbledore's mouth twitched. 
“That potion was no health drink. 
“Sir — it’s okay, Sir, you’re going to be all right, don’t worry — ” Sir looked around desperately for help, but there was nobody to be seen and all Sir could think was that Sir must somehow get Dumbledore quickly to the hospital wing. 
“We need to get you up to the school, Sir. 
“It is Professor Snape whom I need. 
“I need Severus. 
Severus heart leapt: Somebody had seen, somebody knew they needed help — and looking around he saw Madam Rosmerta scurrying down the dark street toward them on high-heeled, fluffy slippers, wearing a silk dressing gown embroidered with dragons. 
“I saw you Apparate as I was pulling my bedroom curtains! 
“He’s hurt,” said Harry. 
“Madam Rosmerta, can he come into the Three Broomsticks while I go up to the school and get help for he?” “You can’t go up there alone! 
“Rosmerta, what’s wrong?” “The — the Dark Mark, Albus.” And she pointed into the sky, in the direction of Hogwarts. 
Dread flooded Harry at the sound of the words. 
Harry turned and looked. 
There it was, hanging in the sky above the school: the blazing green skull with a serpent tongue, the mark Death Eaters left behind whenever they had entered a building wherever they had murdered. 
“When did it appear?” asked Dumbledore, and Dumbledore's hand clenched painfully upon Harry’s shoulder as Harry struggled to Harry's feet. 
“Must have been minutes ago, it wasn’t there when I put the cat out, but when I got upstairs — ” “We need to return to the castle at once,” said Dumbledore. 
“Rosmerta” — and though he staggered a little, he seemed wholly in command of the situation — “we need transport — brooms — ” “I’ve got a couple behind the bar,” she said, looking very frightened. 
“Shall I run and fetch — ?” “No, Harry can do it.” Harry raised Harry's wand at once. 
“Accio Rosmerta’s Broomsl” A second later they heard a loud bang as the front door of the pub burst open; two brooms had shot out into the street and were racing each other to Harry’s side, where they stopped dead, quivering slightly at waist height. 
“Rosmerta, please send a message to the Ministry,” said Dumbledore, as he mounted the broom nearest him. 
“It might be that nobody within Hogwarts has yet realized anything is wrong . 
As they sped toward the castle, Harry glanced sideways at Dumbledore, ready to grab Harry should Harry fall, but the sight of the Dark Mark seemed to have acted upon Dumbledore like a stimulant: Harry was bent low over Harry's broom, Harry's eyes fixed upon the Mark, Harry's long silver hair and beard flying behind him on the night air. 
And Harry too looked ahead at the skull, and fear swelled inside Harry like a venomous bubble, compressing Harry's lungs, driving all other discomfort from Harry's mind. 
How long had they been away? 
Had Ron, Hermione, and Ginny’s luck run out by now? 
Was it one of them who had caused the Mark to be set over the school, or was it Neville, or Luna, or some other member of the D.A. 
And if it was he was the one who had told them to patrol the corridors, he had asked them to leave the safety of them's beds. 
Would he be responsible, again, for the death of a friend? 
As they flew over the dark, twisting lane down which they had walked earlier, Harry heard, over the whistling of the night air in Harry's ears, Dumbledore muttering in some strange language again. 
Harry thought Harry understood why as Harry felt Harry's broom shudder when they flew over the boundary wall into the grounds: Dumbledore was undoing the enchantments he himself had set around the castle so they could enter at speed. 
The Dark Mark was glittering directly above the Astronomy Tower, the highest of the castle. 
Did that mean the death had occurred there? 
Dumbledore had already crossed the crenellated ramparts and was dismounting; Harry landed next to Dumbledore seconds later and looked around. 
The ramparts were deserted. 
The door to the spiral staircase that led back into the castle was closed. 
There was no sign of a struggle, of a fight to the death, of a body. 
“What does it mean?” Harry asked Dumbledore, looking up at the green skull with its serpent’s tongue glinting evilly above them. 
“Is it the real Mark? 
“Go and wake Severus,” said Dumbledore faintly but clearly. 
“Tell Severus what has happened and bring Severus to me. 
Severus looked around at Dumbledore, who gestured Severus to retreat. 
Harry backed away, drawing Harry's wand as Harry did so. 
The door burst open and somebody erupted through The door and shouted, “Expelliarmus\” Harry’s body became instantly rigid and immobile, and Expelliarmus\ felt Expelliarmus\ fall back against the tower wall, propped like an unsteady statue, unable to move or speak. 
Expelliarmus\ could not understand how it had happened — Expelliarmus was not a Freezing Charm — Then, by the light of the Mark, Expelliarmus\ saw Dumbledore ’s wand flying in an arc over the edge of the ramparts and understood. 
Dumbledore had wordlessly immobilized Harry, and the second Dumbledore had taken to perform the spell had cost Dumbledore the chance of defending Dumbledore. 
Standing against the ramparts, very white in the face, Dumbledore still showed no sign of panic or distress. 
Dumbledore merely looked across at Dumbledore's disarmer and said, “Good evening, Draco.” Malfoy stepped forward, glancing around quickly to check that Malfoy and Dumbledore were alone. 
Malfoy eyes fell upon the second broom. 
“Who else is here?” “A question I might ask you. 
“No,” he said. 
“I’ve got backup. 
“Very good indeed. 
“Right under your nose and you never realized!” “Ingenious,” said Dumbledore. 
“Yet forgive me where are they now? 
There was silence. 
Harry stood imprisoned within Harry's own invisible, paralyzed body, staring at the two of them, Harry's ears straining to hear sounds of the Death Eaters’ distant fight, and in front of him, Draco Malfoy did nothing but stare at Albus Dumbledore, who, incredibly, smiled. 
“Draco, Draco, you are not a killer.” “How do you know?” said Malfoy at once. 
He seemed to realize how childish the words had sounded; Harry saw him flush in the Mark’s greenish light. 
“You don’t know what I’m capable of,” said Malfoy more forcefully. 
“You don’t know what I’ve done!” “Oh yes, I do,” said Dumbledore mildly. 
“You almost killed Katie Bell and Ronald Weasley. 
“I’ve been working on it all year, and tonight — ” Somewhere in the depths of the castle below Harry heard a muffled yell. 
Malfoy stiffened and glanced over Malfoy's shoulder. 
“Somebody is putting up a good fight,” said Dumbledore conversationally. 
“But you were saying yes, you have managed to introduce Death Eaters into my school, which, I admit, I thought impossible. 
“Perhaps you ought to get on with the job alone,” suggested Dumbledore. 
“What if your backup has been thwarted by my guard? 
“I see,” said Dumbledore kindly, when Malfoy neither moved nor spoke. 
“You are afraid to act until they join you.” “I’m not afraid!” snarled Malfoy, though he still made no move to hurt Dumbledore. 
“It’s you who should be scared!” “But why? 
He gulped and took several deep breaths, glaring at Dumbledore, He's wand pointing directly at the latter’s heart. 
Then, as though He could not help He, He said, “I had to mend that broken Vanishing Cabinet that no one’s used for years. 
He closed He's eyes for a moment. 
“That was clever. 
“So the Death Eaters were able to pass from Borgin and Burkes into the school to help you. 
“Yeah, it was!” “But there were times,” Dumbledore went on, “weren’t there, when you were not sure you would succeed in mending the cabinet? 
“As a matter of fact, I did,” said Dumbledore. 
“I was sure it was you. 
“I tried, Draco. 
“He’s been offering me plenty of help — wanting all the glory for He — wanting a bit of the action — What are you doing?’ ‘Did you do the necklace, that was stupid, it could have blown everything — ’ But I haven’t told him what I’ve been doing in the Room of Requirement, him’s going to wake up tomorrow and it’ll all be over and him won’t be Voldemort’s favorite anymore, him’ll be nothing compared to me, nothing!” “Very gratifying,” said Dumbledore mildly. 
“We all like appreciation for our own hard work, of course. 
of course Rosmerta. 
How long has she been under the Imperius Curse?” “Got there at last, have you?” Malfoy taunted. 
There was another yell from below, rather louder than the last. 
Malfoy looked nervously over Malfoy's shoulder again, then back at Dumbledore, who went on: “So poor Rosmerta was forced to lurk in Rosmerta's own bathroom and pass that necklace to any Hogwarts student who entered the room unaccompanied? 
“I had one and she had the other and I could send shis messages — ” “Isn’t that the secret method of communication the group that called themselves Dumbledore ’s Army used last year?” asked Dumbledore. 
Dumbledore voice was light and conversational, but Harry saw Harry slip an inch lower down the wall as Harry said it. 
“Yeah, I got the idea from them,” said Malfoy, with a twisted smile. 
“I got the idea of poisoning the mead from the Mudblood Granger as well, I heard her talking in the library about Filch not recognizing potions.” “Please do not use that offensive word in front of me,” said Dumbledore. 
Malfoy gave a harsh laugh. 
“You care about me saying ‘Mudblood’ when I’m about to kill you?” “Yes, I do,” said Dumbledore, and Harry saw Harry's feet slide a little on the floor as Harry struggled to remain upright. 
“But as for being about to kill me, Draco, you have had several long minutes now, we are quite alone, I am more defenseless than you can have dreamed of finding me, and still you have not acted. 
“But she said you were just going for a drink, you’d be back. 
“So you decided to spring a trap for me?” “We decided to put the Dark Mark over the tower and get you to hurry up here, to see who’d been killed,” said Malfoy. 
“And it worked!” “Well yes and no ” said Dumbledore. 
“But am I to take it, then, that nobody has been murdered?” “Someone’s dead,” said Malfoy, and his voice seemed to go up an octave as his said it. 
“One of your people I don’t know who, it was dark. 
There was a bang and shouts from below, louder than ever; it sounded as though people were fighting on the actual spiral staircase that led to where Dumbledore, Malfoy, and Harry stood, and Harry’s heart thundered unheard in his invisible chest. 
Someone was dead. 
Malfoy had stepped over the body but who was it? 
“There is little time, one way or another,” said Dumbledore. 
“So let us discuss your options, Draco.” “My options!” said Malfoy loudly. 
“I’m standing here with a wand — I’m about to kill you — ” “My dear boy, let us have no more pretense about that. 
“I’ve got to do it! 
“Why else do you think I have not confronted you before now? 
“I did not dare speak to you of the mission with which I knew you had been entrusted, in case he used Legilimency against you,” continued Dumbledore. 
“But now at last we can speak plainly to each other. 
“Nobody can. 
“But I got this far, didn’t I?” didn’t I? 
“They thought I’d die in the attempt, but I’m here and you’re in my power. 
“It is my mercy, and not yours, that matters now.” Malfoy did not speak. 
His mouth was open, His's wand hand still trembling. 
Harry thought Harry saw it drop by a fraction — But suddenly footsteps were thundering up the stairs, and a second later Malfoy was buffeted out of the way as four people in black robes burst through the door onto the ramparts. 
Still paralyzed, his eyes staring unblinkingly, Harry gazed in terror upon four strangers: It seemed the Death Eaters had won the fight below. 
A lumpy-looking man with an odd lopsided leer gave a wheezy giggle. 
“Dumbledore cornered!” Dumbledore said, and Dumbledore turned to a stocky little woman who looked as though she could be Dumbledore's sister and who was grinning eagerly. 
“Dumbledore wandless, Dumbledore alone! 
“And you’ve brought Alecto too. 
“Think your little jokes’ll help you on your deathbed then?” she jeered. 
“Jokes? 
“Do it,” said the stranger standing nearest to Harry, a big, rangy man with matted gray hair and whiskers, whose black Death Eater’s robes looked uncomfortably tight. 
whose black Death Eater’s had a voice like none that Harry had ever heard: a rasping bark of a voice. 
Harry could smell a powerful mixture of dirt, sweat, and, unmistakably, of blood coming from Harry. 
Harry filthy hands had long yellowish nails. 
“Is that you, Fenrir?” asked Dumbledore. 
“That’s right,” rasped the other. 
“Pleased to see me, Dumbledore?” “No, I cannot say that I am.” Greyback grinned, showing pointed teeth. 
Blood trickled down his chin and his licked his lips slowly, obscenely. 
“But you know how much I like kids, Dumbledore.” “Am I to take it that you are attacking even without the full moon now? 
“Shocks you that, does it, Dumbledore? 
“And, yes, I am a little shocked that Draco here invited you, of all people, into the school where Draco here's friends live. 
Draco here was not looking at Fenrir; Draco here did not seem to want to even glance at Draco here. 
“I didn’t know he was going to come — ” “I wouldn’t want to miss a trip to Hogwarts, Dumbledore,” rasped Greyback. 
“Not when there are throats to be ripped out Delicious, delicious ” And he raised a yellow fingernail and picked at his front teeth, leering at Dumbledore. 
“I could do you for afters, Dumbledore.” “No,” said the fourth Death Eater sharply. 
the fourth Death Eater had a heavy, brutal-looking face. 
“We’ve got orders. 
He looked terrified as He stared into Dumbledore ’s face, which was even paler, and rather lower than usual, as He had slid so far down the rampart wall. 
“He’s not long for this world anyway, if you ask me!” said the lopsided man, to the accompaniment of He's sister’s wheezing giggles. 
“Look at He — what’s happened to you, then, Dumby?” “Oh, weaker resistance, slower reflexes, Amycus,” said Dumbledore. 
“Old age, in short One day, perhaps, it will happen to you if you are lucky. 
“Always the same, weren’t yeh, Dumby, talking and doing nothing, nothing. 
But Malfoy’s hand was shaking so badly that Malfoy could barely aim. 
“I’ll do it,” snarled Fenrir, moving toward Dumbledore with Dumbledore's hands outstretched, his teeth bared. 
“I said no!” shouted the brutal-faced man; there was a flash of light and the werewolf was blasted out of the way; the werewolf hit the ramparts and staggered, looking furious. 
Harry’s heart was hammering so hard it seemed impossible that nobody could hear him standing there, imprisoned by Dumbledore ’s spell — if him could only move, him could aim a curse from under the cloak — “Draco, do it or stand aside so one of us — ” screeched the woman, but at that precise moment, the door to the ramparts burst open once more and there stood Snape, his wand clutched in his hand as his black eyes swept the scene, from Dumbledore slumped against the wall, to the four Death Eaters, including the enraged werewolf, and Malfoy. 
“We’ve got a problem, Snape,” said the lumpy Amycus, whose eyes and wand were fixed alike upon Dumbledore, “the boy doesn’t seem able — ” But somebody else had spoken Snape’s name, quite softly. 
“Severus ” The sound frightened Harry beyond anything Harry had experienced all evening. 
For the first time, Dumbledore was pleading. 
Snape said nothing, but walked forward and pushed Malfoy roughly out of the way. 
The three Death Eaters fell back without a word. 
Even the werewolf seemed cowed. 
Snape gazed for a moment at Dumbledore, and there was revulsion and hatred etched in the harsh lines of Snape's face. 
“Severus please ” Snape raised Snape's wand and pointed it directly at Dumbledore. 
“Avada KedavraV’ A jet of green light shot from the end of Snape’s wand and hit Dumbledore squarely in the chest. 
Dumbledore seized Malfoy by the scruff of the neck and forced him through the door ahead of the rest; Greyback and the squat brother and sister followed, the latter both panting excitedly. 
As they vanished through the door, Harry realized Harry could move again. 
What was now holding Harry paralyzed against the wall was not magic, but horror and shock. 
Harry threw the Invisibility Cloak aside as the brutal-faced Death Eater, last to leave the tower top, was disappearing through the door. 
“Petrificus Totalusl” The Death Eater buckled as though hit in the back with something solid and fell to the ground, rigid as a waxwork, but The Death Eater had barely hit the floor when Harry was clambering over Harry and running down the darkened staircase. 
Terror tore at Harry’s heart. 
Harry had to get to Dumbledore and Harry had to catch Snape. 
Somehow the two things were linked. 
He could reverse what had happened if He had them both together . 
Dumbledore could not have died. 
Dumbledore leapt the last ten steps of the spiral staircase and stopped where Dumbledore landed, Dumbledore's wand raised: The dimly lit corridor was full of dust; half the ceiling seemed to have fallen in; and a battle was raging before Dumbledore, but even as Dumbledore attempted to make out who was fighting whom, Dumbledore heard the hated voice shout, “It’s over, time to go\” and saw Snape disappearing around the corner at the far end of the corridor; Snape and Malfoy seemed to have forced he and Malfoy's way through the fight unscathed. 
As Harry plunged after them, one of the fighters detached themselves from the fray and flew at him: It was the werewolf, Fenrir. 
He was on top of Harry before Harry could raise He's wand: Harry fell backward, with filthy matted hair in Harry's face, the stench of sweat and blood filling Harry's nose and mouth, hot greedy breath at Harry's throat — “Petrificus Totalusl” Harry felt Fenrir collapse against Harry; with a stupendous effort Harry pushed the werewolf off and onto the floor as a jet of green light came flying toward Harry; Harry ducked and ran, headfirst, into the fight. 
Harry feet met something squashy and slippery on the floor and Harry stumbled: There were two bodies lying there, lying facedown in a pool of blood, but there was no time to investigate. 
Harry now saw red hair flying like flames in front of Harry: Ginny was locked in combat with the lumpy Death Eater, Amycus, who was throwing hex after hex at Ginny's while Ginny dodged them: Amycus was giggling, enjoying the sport: “Crucio — Crucio — you can’t dance forever, pretty — ” “Impedimenta).” yelled Harry. 
His jinx hit Amycus in the chest: His gave a piglike squeal of pain, was lifted off His's feet and slammed into the opposite wall, slid down His's feet, and fell out of sight behind Ron, Professor McGonagall, and Lupin, each of whom was battling a separate Death Eater. 
Beyond them, Harry saw Tonks fighting an enormous blond wizard who was sending curses flying in all directions, so that they ricocheted off the walls around them, cracking stone, shattering the nearest window — “Harry, where did you come from?” Ginny cried, but there was no time to answer Ginny. 
He put He's head down and sprinted forward, narrowly avoiding a blast that erupted over He's head, showering them all in bits of wall. 
Snape must not escape, Snape must catch up with Snape — “Take that\” shouted Professor McGonagall, and Harry glimpsed the female Death Eater, Alecto, sprinting away down the corridor with her arms over her head, her brother right behind her. 
He launched He after them but He's foot caught on something, and next moment He was lying across someone’s legs. 
Looking around, He saw Neville’s pale, round face flat against the floor. 
“Neville, are you — ?” “M’all right,” muttered Neville, who was clutching his stomach, “Harry Snape ’n’ Malfoy ran past ” “I know, I’m on it!” said Harry, aiming a hex from the floor at the enormous blond Death Eater who was causing most of the chaos. 
The man gave a howl of pain as the spell hit The man in the face: The man wheeled around, staggered, and then pounded away after the brother and sister. 
Harry scrambled up from the floor and began to sprint along the corridor, ignoring the bangs issuing from behind Harry, the yells of the others to come back, and the mute call of the figures on the ground whose fate he did not yet know. 
he skidded around the corner, his trainers slippery with blood; Snape had an immense head start. 
Was it possible that he had already entered the cabinet in the Room of Requirement, or had the Order made steps to secure it, to prevent the Death Eaters retreating that way? 
he could hear nothing but his own pounding feet, He's own hammering heart as he sprinted along the next empty corridor, but then spotted a bloody footprint that showed at least one of the fleeing Death Eaters was heading toward the front doors — perhaps the Room of Requirement was indeed blocked — he skidded around another corner and a curse flew past he; he dived behind a suit of armor that exploded. 
he saw the brother and sister running down the marble staircase ahead and aimed jinxes at the brother and sister, but merely hit several bewigged witches in a portrait on the landing, who ran screeching into neighboring paintings. 
As he leapt the wreckage of armor, Harry heard more shouts and screams; other people within the castle seemed to have awoken. 
Harry pelted toward a shortcut, hoping to overtake the brother and sister and close in on Snape and Malfoy, who must surely have reached the grounds by now. 
Remembering to leap the vanishing step halfway down the concealed staircase, Harry burst through a tapestry at the bottom and out into a corridor where a number of bewildered and pajama-clad Hufflepuffs stood. 
“Harry! 
“Out of the way!” yelled Harry, knocking two boys aside as Harry sprinted toward the landing and down the remainder of the marble staircase. 
The oak front doors had been blasted open, there were smears of blood on the flagstones, and several terrified students stood huddled against the walls, one or two still cowering with several terrified students stood's arms over several terrified students stood's faces. 
The giant Gryffindor hourglass had been hit by a curse, and the rubies within were still falling, with a loud rattle, onto the flagstones below. 
Harry flew across the entrance hall and out into the dark grounds: Harry could just make out three figures racing across the lawn, heading for the gates beyond which they could Disapparate — by the looks of they, the huge blond Death Eater and, some way ahead of Harry, Snape and Malfoy The cold night air ripped at Harry’s lungs as Harry’s tore after them; Harry’s saw a flash of light in the distance that momentarily silhouetted Harry’s's quarry. 
Harry did not know what it was but continued to run, not yet near enough to get a good aim with a curse — Another flash, shouts, retaliatory jets of light, and Harry understood: Hagrid had emerged from his cabin and was trying to stop the Death Eaters escaping, and though every breath seemed to shred his lungs and the stitch in his chest was like fire, Harry sped up as an unbidden voice in Harry's head said: not Hagrid not Hagrid too Something caught Harry hard in the small of the back and Harry fell forward, Harry's face smacking the ground, blood pouring out of both nostrils: Harry knew, even as Harry rolled over, Harry's wand ready, that the brother and sister he had overtaken using his shortcut were closing in behind he. 
“Impedimenta).” Impedimenta). 
And now he saw the vast outline of Hagrid, illuminated by the light of the crescent moon revealed suddenly behind clouds; the blond Death Eater was aiming curse after curse at the gamekeeper; but Hagrid’s immense strength and the toughened skin Hagrid’s had inherited from Hagrid’s's giantess mother seemed to be protecting him. 
Snape and Malfoy, however, were still running; Snape and Malfoy would soon be beyond the gates, able to Disapparate — Harry tore past Hagrid and — Harry's opponent, took aim at Snape’s back, and yelled, “Stupefy\” Stupefy\ missed; the jet of red light soared past Snape’s head; Snape shouted, “Run, Draco\” and turned. 
Twenty yards apart, he and Harry looked at each other before raising he and Harry's wands simultaneously. 
“Cruc — ” But Snape parried the curse, knocking Harry backward off Snape's feet before Snape could complete it; Harry rolled over and scrambled back up again as the huge Death Eater behind Harry yelled, “Incendiol” Harry heard an explosive bang and a dancing orange light spilled over all of them: Hagrid’s house was on fire. 
“Fang’s in there, yer evil — !” Hagrid bellowed. 
“Cruc — ” yelled Harry for the second time, aiming for the figure ahead illuminated in the dancing firelight, but Snape blocked the spell again. 
Harry could see Harry sneering. 
“No Unforgivable Curses from you, Potter!” he shouted over the rushing of the flames, Hagrid’s yells, and the wild yelping of the trapped Fang. 
“You haven’t got the nerve or the ability — ” “Incarc — ” Harry roared, but Snape deflected the spell with an almost lazy flick of Snape's arm. 
“Fight back!” Harry screamed at him. 
“Fight back, you cowardly — ” “Coward, did you call me, Potter?” shouted Snape. 
“Your father would never attack me unless it was four on one, what would you call Your father, I wonder?” “ Stupe — ” “Blocked again and again and again until you learn to keep your mouth shut and your mind closed, Potter!” sneered Snape, deflecting the curse once more. 
“Now come!” he shouted at the huge Death Eater behind Harry. 
“It is time to be gone, before the Ministry turns up — ” “Impedi — ” But before he could finish this jinx, excruciating pain hit Harry; Harry keeled over in the grass. 
Someone was screaming, Someone would surely die of this agony, Snape was going to torture Someone to death or madness — “No!” roared Snape’s voice and the pain stopped as suddenly as Snape’s voice had started; Harry lay curled on the dark grass, clutching Harry's wand and panting; somewhere overhead Snape was shouting, “Have you forgotten our orders? 
Harry uttered an inarticulate yell of rage: In that instant, Harry cared not whether Harry lived or died. 
Pushing himself to himself's feet again, himself staggered blindly toward Snape, the man he now hated as much as himself hated Voldemort himself — “Sectum — !” Snape flicked Snape's wand and the curse was repelled yet again; but Harry was mere feet away now and Harry could see Snape’s face clearly at last: Harry was no longer sneering or jeering; the blazing flames showed a face full of rage. 
Mustering all his powers of concentration, Harry thought, Levi — “No, Potter!” screamed Snape. 
There was a loud BANG and Harry was soaring backward, hitting the ground hard again, and this time Harry's wand flew out of Harry's hand. 
He could hear Hagrid yelling and Fang howling as Snape closed in and looked down on him where him lay, wandless and defenseless as Dumbledore had been. 
Snape’s pale face, illuminated by the flaming cabin, was suffused with hatred just as it had been before he had cursed Dumbledore. 
“You dare use my own spells against me, Potter? 
“Kill me then,” panted Harry, who felt no fear at all, but only rage and contempt. 
“Kill me like you killed him, you coward — ” “DONT — ” screamed Snape, and Snape's face was suddenly demented, inhuman, as though Snape was in as much pain as the yelping, howling dog stuck in the burning house behind them — “CALL ME COWARD!” And he slashed at the air: Harry felt a white-hot, whiplike something hit Harry across the face and was slammed backward into the ground. 
Spots of light burst in front of Harry's eyes and for a moment all the breath seemed to have gone from Harry's body, then Harry heard a rush of wings above Harry and something enormous obscured the stars. 
Buckbeak had flown at Snape, who staggered backward as the razor-sharp claws slashed at him. 
As Harry raised himself into a sitting position, himself's head still swimming from its last contact with the ground, himself saw Snape running as hard as himself could, the enormous beast flapping behind Snape and screeching as Harry had never heard Snape screech — Harry struggled to — Harry's feet, looking around groggily for Harry's wand, hoping to give chase again, but even as — Harry's fingers fumbled in the grass, discarding twigs, — Harry knew it would be too late, and sure enough, by the time — Harry had located — Harry's wand, — Harry turned only to see the hippogriff circling the gates. 
Snape had managed to Disapparate just beyond the school’s boundaries. 
“Hagrid,” muttered Harry, still dazed, looking around. 
He stumbled toward the burning house as an enormous figure emerged from out of the flames carrying Fang on He's back. 
With a cry of thankfulness, Harry sank to Harry's knees; Harry was shaking in every limb, Harry's body ached all over, and Harry's breath came in painful stabs. 
“Yeh all righ’, Harry? 
Harry could smell burnt wood and dog hair; Harry put out a hand and felt Fang’s reassuringly warm and alive body quivering beside Harry. 
“I’m all right,” panted Harry. 
“Are you?” “ ’Course I am take more’n that ter finish me.” Hagrid put his hands under Harry’s arms and raised Harry up with such force that Harry’s feet momentarily left the ground before Hagrid set him upright again. 
Harry could see blood trickling down Hagrid’s cheek from a deep cut under one eye, which was swelling rapidly. 
“We should put out your house,” said Harry, “the charm’s ‘Aguamenti’ ” “Knew it was summat like that,” mumbled Hagrid, and he raised a smoldering pink, flowery umbrella and said, “Aguamenti\” A jet of water flew out of the umbrella tip. 
Harry raised Harry's wand arm, which felt like lead, and murmured “Aguamenti’ too: Together, he and Hagrid poured water on the house until the last flame was extinguished. 
“Nothin’ Dumbledore won’ be able to put righ’ ” Harry felt a searing pain in Harry's stomach at the sound of the name. 
In the silence and the stillness, horror rose inside him. 
“Hagrid ” “I was bindin’ up a couple o’ bowtruckle legs when I heard ’em cornin’,” said Hagrid sadly, still staring at his wrecked cabin. 
“They’ll’ve bin burnt ter twigs, poor little things. 
“Hagrid, he killed ” “Killed?” said Hagrid loudly, staring down at Harry. 
“Snape killed? 
“Snape killed Dumbledore.” Hagrid simply looked at him, the little of his face that could be seen completely blank, uncomprehending. 
“Dumbledore wha’, Harry?” “Dumbledore’s dead. 
“Snape kill Dumbledore — don’ be stupid, Harry. 
“What musta happened was, Dumbledore musta told Snape ter go with them Death Eaters,” Hagrid said confidently. 
“I suppose he’s gotta keep his cover. 
he was still shaking uncontrollably. 
Hagrid would find out soon enough, too soon. 
As they directed their steps back toward the castle, Harry saw that many of its windows were lit now. 
Harry could imagine, clearly, the scenes inside as people moved from room to room, telling each other that Death Eaters had got in, that the Mark was shining over Hogwarts, that somebody must have been killed. 
The oak front doors stood open ahead of them, light flooding out onto the drive and the lawn. 
Slowly, uncertainly, dressing-gowned people were creeping down the steps, looking around nervously for some sign of the Death Eaters who had fled into the night. 
Harry’s eyes, however, were fixed upon the ground at the foot of the tallest tower. 
He imagined that He could see a black, huddled mass lying in the grass there, though He was really too far away to see anything of the sort. 
Even as he stared wordlessly at the place where he thought Dumbledore ’s body must lie, however, he saw people beginning to move toward it. 
“What’re they all lookin’ at?” said Hagrid, as he and Harry approached the castle front, Fang keeping as close as Fang could to their ankles. 
“Wha’s tha’, lyin’ on the grass?” Hagrid added sharply, heading now toward the foot of the Astronomy Tower, where a small crowd was congregating. 
“See it, Harry? 
Harry walked alongside him, feeling the aches and pains in Harry's face and Harry's legs where the various hexes of the last half hour had hit him, though in an oddly detached way, as though somebody near him was suffering them. 
What was real and inescapable was the awful pressing feeling in him's chest. 
He and Hagrid moved, dreamlike, through the murmuring crowd to the very front, where the dumbstruck students and teachers had left a gap. 
Harry heard Hagrid ’s moan of pain and shock, but Harry did not stop; Harry walked slowly forward until Harry reached the place where Dumbledore lay and crouched down beside Harry. 
Dumbledore had known there was no hope from the moment that the full Body-Bind Curse Dumbledore had placed upon Dumbledore lifted, known that it could have happened only because its caster was dead, but there was still no preparation for seeing him here, spread-eagled, broken: the greatest wizard Harry had ever, or would ever, meet. 
Dumbledore’s eyes were closed; but for the strange angle of Dumbledore's arms and legs, Dumbledore might have been sleeping. 
Harry reached out, straightened the half- moon spectacles upon the crooked nose, and wiped a trickle of blood from the mouth with Harry's own sleeve. 
Then Harry gazed down at the wise old face and tried to absorb the enormous and incomprehensible truth: that never again would Dumbledore speak to Dumbledore, never again could Dumbledore help. 
The crowd murmured behind Harry. 
After what seemed like a long time, he became aware that he was kneeling upon something hard and looked down. 
The locket they had managed to steal so many hours before had fallen out of Dumbledore’s pocket. 
It had opened, perhaps due to the force with which it hit the ground. 
And although he could not feel more shock or horror or sadness than he felt already, Harry knew, as Harry picked it up, that there was something wrong. 
Harry turned the locket over in Harry's hands. 
This was neither as large as the locket he remembered seeing in the Pensieve, nor were there any markings upon it, no sign of the ornate S that was supposed to be Slytherin’s mark. 
Moreover, there was nothing inside but for a scrap of folded parchment wedged tightly into the place where a portrait should have been. 
Automatically, without really thinking about what he was doing, Harry pulled out the fragment of parchment, opened it, and read by the light of the many wands that had now been lit behind Harry: To Voldemort I know I will be dead long before you read this but I want you to know that it was I who discovered your secret I have stolen the real Horcrux and intend to destroy the real Horcrux as soon as I can. 
I face death in the hope that when you meet your match, you will be mortal once more. 
Harry neither knew nor cared what the message meant. 
Only one thing mattered: This was not a Horcrux. 
Dumbledore had weakened Dumbledore by drinking that terrible potion for nothing. 
Harry crumpled the parchment in Harry's hand, and Harry's eyes burned with tears as behind him Fang began to howl. 
z? 
“C’mere, Harry ” “No.” “Yeh can’ stay here, Harry ” ”. 
Hagrid’s hand on his shoulder was trembling. 
Then another voice said, “Harry, come on.” A much smaller and warmer hand had enclosed on. 
He obeyed its pressure without really thinking about it. 
Only as He walked blindly back through the crowd did He realize, from a trace of flowery scent on the air, that it was Ginny who was leading him back into the castle. 
Incomprehensible voices battered him, sobs and shouts and wails stabbed the night, but Harry and Ginny walked on, back up the steps into the entrance hall. 
Faces swam on the edges of Harry’s vision, people were peering at Harry, whispering, wondering, and Gryffindor rubies glistened on the floor like drops of blood as they made their way toward the marble staircase. 
“We’re going to the hospital wing,” said Ginny. 
“I’m not hurt,” said Harry. 
“It’s McGonagall’s orders,” said Ginny. 
“Everyone’s up there, Ron and Hermione and Lupin and everyone — ” Fear stirred in Harry’s chest again: Harry had forgotten the inert figures Harry had left behind. 
“Ginny, who else is dead?” “Don’t worry, none of us.” “But the Dark Mark — Malfoy said the Dark Mark — Malfoy stepped over a body — ” “the Dark Mark — Malfoy stepped over Bill, but it’s all right, the Dark Mark — Malfoy’s alive.” There was something in her voice, however, that Harry knew boded ill. “Are you sure?” “Of course I’m sure the Dark Mark — Malfoy’s a — a bit of a mess, that’s all. 
“We don’t really know what the aftereffects will be — I mean, Greyback being a werewolf, but not transformed at the time.” “But the others There were other bodies on the ground. 
Pushing open the doors, Harry saw Neville lying, apparently asleep, in a bed near the door. 
Ron, Hermione, Luna, Tonks, and Lupin were gathered around another bed near the far end of the ward. 
At the sound of the doors opening, they all looked up. 
Hermione ran to Harry and hugged him; Lupin moved forward too, looking anxious. 
“Are you all right, Harry?” “I’m fine. 
Harry looked over Hermione’s shoulder and saw an unrecognizable face lying on Bill’s pillow, so badly slashed and ripped that Harry looked grotesque. 
Madam Pomfrey was dabbing at Madam Pomfrey's wounds with some harsh-smelling green ointment. 
Harry remembered how Snape had mended Malfoy’s Sectumsempra wounds so easily with Harry's wand. 
“Can’t you fix them with a charm or something?” he asked the matron. 
“No charm will work on these,” said Madam Pomfrey. 
“I’ve tried everything I know, but there is no cure for werewolf bites.” “But he wasn’t bitten at the full moon,” said Ron, who was gazing down into his brother’s face as though he could somehow force he to mend just by staring. 
“Greyback hadn’t transformed, so surely Bill won’t be a — a real — ?” He looked uncertainly at Lupin. 
“No, I don’t think that Bill will be a true werewolf,” said Lupin, “but that does not mean that there won’t be some contamination. 
“Where is he? 
“No!” Lupin looked wildly from Ginny to Harry, as though hoping the latter might contradict her, but when Harry did not, Lupin collapsed into a chair beside Bill’s bed, Harry's hands over Harry's face. 
Harry had never seen Lupin lose control before; Harry felt as though Harry was intruding upon something private, indecent. 
Harry turned away and caught Ron’s eye instead, exchanging in silence a look that confirmed what Ginny had said. 
“How did Harry die?” whispered Tonks. 
“How did it happen?” “Snape killed him,” said Harry. 
“I was there, I saw it. 
Luna’s mouth trembled. 
“ — more Death Eaters arrived — and then Snape — and Snape did it. 
Madam Pomfrey burst into tears. 
Nobody paid Madam Pomfrey's any attention except Ginny, who whispered, “Shh! 
Somewhere out in the darkness, a phoenix was singing in a way Harry had never heard before: a stricken lament of terrible beauty. 
And Harry felt, as Harry had felt about phoenix song before, that the music was inside Harry, not without: It was his own grief turned magically to song that echoed across the grounds and through the castle windows. 
How long they all stood there, listening, his did not know, nor why it seemed to ease they all's pain a little to listen to the sound of they all's mourning, but it felt like a long time later that the hospital door opened again and Professor McGonagall entered the ward. 
Like all the rest, she bore marks of the recent battle: There were grazes on shis face and shis robes were ripped. 
“Molly and Arthur are on Molly and Arthur's way,” she said, and the spell of the music was broken: Everyone roused themselves as though coming out of trances, turning again to look at Bill, or else to rub themselves's own eyes, shake themselves's heads. 
“Harry, what happened? 
She stared at Harry for a moment, then swayed alarmingly; Madam Pomfrey, who seemed to have pulled She together, ran forward, conjuring a chair from thin air, which She pushed under McGonagall. 
“Snape,” repeated McGonagall faintly, falling into the chair. 
“We all wondered but Snape trusted always Snape I can’t believe it. 
“We all always knew that.” “But Dumbledore swore Dumbledore was on our side!” whispered Tonks. 
“I always thought Dumbledore must know something about Snape that we didn’t. 
“I mean with Snape ’s history of course people were bound to wonder but Dumbledore told me explicitly that Snape ’s repentance was absolutely genuine. 
“I know,” said Harry, and they all turned to look at Harry. 
“Snape passed Voldemort the information that made Voldemort hunt down my mum and dad. 
“And Dumbledore believed that?” said Lupin incredulously. 
“Dumbledore believed Snape was sorry James was dead? 
All of them seemed to be lost in horrified shock, trying to digest the monstrous truth of what had happened. 
“This is all my fault,” said Professor McGonagall suddenly. 
Professor McGonagall looked disoriented, twisting Professor McGonagall's wet handkerchief in Professor McGonagall's hands. 
“My fault. 
“We all wanted more help, We all were glad to think Snape was on Snape's way. 
“I don’t know exactly how it happened,” said Professor McGonagall distractedly. 
“It’s all so confusing. 
“So they got in through the Room of Requirement.” Almost against his will his glanced from Ron to Hermione, both of whom looked devastated. 
“I messed up, Harry,” said Ron bleakly. 
“We did like you told We: We checked the Marauder’s Map and we couldn’t see Malfoy on it, so We thought he must be in the Room of Requirement, so me, Ginny, and Neville went to keep watch on it but Malfoy got past We.” Malfoy came out of the room about an hour after We started keeping watch,” said Ginny. 
“He was on He's own, clutching that awful shriveled arm — ” “He Hand of Glory,” said Ron. 
“Gives light only to the holder, remember?” “Anyway,” Ginny went on, “he must have been checking whether the coast was clear to let the Death Eaters out, because the moment he saw us he threw something into the air and it all went pitch-black — ” “ — Peruvian Instant Darkness Powder,” said Ron bitterly. 
“Fred and George’s. 
“Nothing would penetrate the darkness; all we could do was grope we way out of the corridor again, and meanwhile we could hear people rushing past we. 
“He must have done, yes, they must have arranged that before they left the Room of Requirement,” said Lupin. 
“But I don’t think Gibbon liked the idea of waiting up there alone for Dumbledore, because Gibbon came running back downstairs to rejoin the fight and was hit by a Killing Curse that just missed me.” “So if Ron was watching the Room of Requirement with Ginny and Neville,” said Harry, turning to Hermione, “were you — ?” “Outside Snape’s office, yes,” whispered Hermione, Hermione's eyes sparkling with tears, “with Luna. 
“I was so stupid, Harry!” said Hermione in a high- pitched whisper. 
“He said Professor Flitwick had collapsed and that we should go and take care of Professor Flitwick while Professor Flitwick — while Professor Flitwick went to help fight the Death Eaters — ” She covered Shis face in shame and continued to talk into Shis fingers, so that Shis voice was muffled. 
“We went into his office to see if We could help Professor Flitwick and found him unconscious on the floor and oh, it’s so obvious now, Snape must have Stupefied Flitwick, but We didn’t realize, Harry, We didn’t realize, We just let Snape go!” “It’s not your fault,” said Lupin firmly. 
“Hermione, had you not obeyed Snape and got out of the way, Snape probably would have killed you and Luna.” “So then Snape came upstairs,” said Harry, who was watching Snape running up the marble staircase in Snape's mind’s eye, Snape's black robes billowing behind him as ever, pulling him's wand from under him's cloak as he ascended, “and he found the place where you were all fighting. 
“Gibbon was down, but the rest of the Death Eaters seemed ready to fight to the death. 
“I saw Gibbon run straight through the cursed barrier as though it wasn’t there,” said Lupin. 
“I tried to follow him, but was thrown back just like Neville. 
“After all — he was the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. 
“We all ran forward — those of us who were still standing anyway — and then Snape and the boy emerged out of the dust — obviously, none of us attacked them — ” “We just let them pass,” said Tonks in a hollow voice. 
“We thought they were being chased by the Death Eaters — and next thing, the other Death Eaters and Greyback were back and We were fighting again — I thought I heard Snape shout something, but I don’t know what — ” “Snape shouted, ‘It’s over,’ ” said Harry. 
“He’d done what he’d meant to do.” They all fell silent. 
Fawkes’s lament was still echoing over the dark grounds outside. 
As the music reverberated upon the air, unbidden, unwelcome thoughts slunk into Harry’s mind. 
Had they taken Dumbledore’s body from the foot of the tower yet? 
What would happen to it next? 
Where would it rest? 
He clenched He's fists tightly in He's pockets. 
He could feel the small cold lump of the fake Horcrux against the knuckles of He's right hand. 
The doors of the hospital wing burst open, making them all jump: Mister and Molly were striding up the ward, Fleur just behind them, her beautiful face terrified. 
“Molly — Arthur — ” said Professor McGonagall, jumping up and hurrying to greet them. 
“I am so sorry — ” “Bill,” whispered Molly, darting past Professor McGonagall as she caught sight of Bill’s mangled face. 
“Oh, Bill'.” Lupin and Tonks had got up hastily and retreated so that Mister and Molly could get nearer to the bed. 
Molly bent over Molly's son and pressed her lips to his bloody forehead. 
“You said Greyback attacked him?” Arthur asked Professor McGonagall distractedly. 
“But Arthur hadn’t transformed? 
“There will probably be some contamination, Arthur,” said Lupin. 
“It is an odd case, possibly unique. 
“And Dumbledore ” said Arthur. 
“Minerva, is it true Is he really ?” As Professor McGonagall nodded, Harry felt Ginny move beside him and looked at her. 
Her slightly narrowed eyes were fixed upon Fleur, who was gazing down at Bill with a frozen expression on her face. 
“Dumbledore gone,” whispered Arthur, but Mistress Weasley had eyes only for Mistress Weasley's eldest son; Mistress Weasley began to sob, tears falling onto Bill’s mutilated face. 
“Of course, it doesn’t matter how he looks. 
“What do you mean, ‘’e was going to be married?’ ” Molly raised Molly's tear-stained face, looking startled. 
“Well — only that — ” “You theenk Bill will not wish to marry me anymore?” demanded Fleur. 
“You theenk, because of these bites, he will not love me?” “No, that’s not what I — ” “Because ’e will!” said Fleur, drawing herself up to herself's full height and throwing back herself's long mane of silver hair. 
“It would take more zan a werewolf to stop Bill loving me!” “Well, yes, I’m sure,” said Molly, “but I thought perhaps — given how — how he — ” “You thought I would not weesh to marry him? 
“What do I care how him looks? 
Molly fell back against her husband and watched Fleur mopping up Bill’s wounds with a most curious expression upon her face. 
Nobody said anything; Harry did not dare move. 
Like everybody else, Harry was waiting for the explosion. 
“Our Great-Auntie Muriel,” said Molly after a long pause, “has a very beautiful tiara — goblin-made — which I am sure I could persuade Molly's to lend you for the wedding. 
“I am sure zat will be lovely.” And then, Harry did not quite see how it happened, both women were crying and hugging each other. 
Completely bewildered, wondering whether the world had gone mad, Harry turned around: Ron looked as stunned as Harry felt and Ginny and Hermione were exchanging startled looks. 
“You see!” said a strained voice. 
Tonks was glaring at Lupin. 
“She still wants to marry him, even though him’s been bitten! 
“Bill will not be a full werewolf. 
“I’ve told you a million times. 
“And I’ve told you a million times,” said Lupin, refusing to meet her eyes, staring at the floor, “that I am too old for you, too poor too dangerous. 
“I am not being ridiculous,” said Lupin steadily. 
“Tonks deserves somebody young and whole.” “But she wants you,” said Arthur, with a small smile. 
“And after all, Remus, young and whole men do not necessarily remain so.” He gestured sadly at He's son, lying between Remus, young and whole men. 
“This is not the moment to discuss it,” said Lupin, avoiding everybody’s eyes as he looked around distractedly. 
“Dumbledore is dead. 
The little of Dumbledore's face that was not obscured by hair or beard was soaking and swollen; Dumbledore was shaking with tears, a vast, spotted handkerchief in Dumbledore's hand. 
“I’ve I’ve done it, Professor,” he choked. 
“M-moved him. 
“I shall have to see the Ministry when the Ministry get here. 
“Before I meet them I would like a quick word with you, Harry. 
The corridors outside were deserted and the only sound was the distant phoenix song. 
It was several minutes before Harry became aware that they were not heading for Professor McGonagall’s office, but for Dumbledore’s, and another few seconds before he realized that of course, she had been deputy headmistress. 
Apparently she was now headmistress so the room behind the gargoyle was now she. 
In silence they ascended the moving spiral staircase and entered the circular office. 
He did not know what He had expected: that the room would be draped in black, perhaps, or even that Dumbledore’s body might be lying there. 
In fact, it looked almost exactly as it had done when He and Dumbledore had left it mere hours previously: the silver instruments whirring and puffing on He and Dumbledore's spindle-legged tables, Gryffindor’s sword in its glass case gleaming in the moonlight, the Sorting Hat on a shelf behind the desk. 
But Fawkes’s perch stood empty, Fawkes was still crying Fawkes's lament to the grounds. 
And a new portrait had joined the ranks of the dead headmasters and headmistresses of Hogwarts: Dumbledore was slumbering in a golden frame over the desk, Dumbledore's half- moon spectacles perched upon Dumbledore's crooked nose, looking peaceful and untroubled. 
After glancing once at this portrait, Professor McGonagall made an odd movement as though steeling herself, then rounded the desk to look at Harry, herself's face taut and lined. 
“Harry,” she said, “I would like to know what you and Professor Dumbledore were doing this evening when you left the school.” “I can’t tell you that, Professor,” said Harry. 
Harry had expected the question and had Harry's answer ready. 
It had been here, in this very room, that Dumbledore had told Harry that he was to confide the contents of their lessons to nobody but Ron and Hermione. 
“Harry, it might be important,” said Professor McGonagall. 
“It is,” said Harry, “very, but Harry didn’t want me to tell anyone.” Professor McGonagall glared at Professor McGonagall. 
“Potter” — Harry registered the renewed use of — Harry's surname — “in the light of Professor Dumbledore’s death, I think you must see that the situation has changed somewhat — “I don’t think so,” said Harry, shrugging. 
“Professor Dumbledore never told me to stop following Professor Dumbledore's orders if Professor Dumbledore died.” “But — ” “There’s one thing you should know before the Ministry gets here, though. 
“Snape!” ejaculated Slughorn, who looked the most shaken, pale and sweating. 
“Snape! 
“Minerva, the Minister will be here within seconds, the Minister has just Disapparated from the Ministry.” “Thank you, Everard,” said Professor McGonagall, and she turned quickly to shis teachers. 
“I want to talk about what happens to Hogwarts before he gets here,” she said quickly. 
“Personally, I am not convinced that the school should reopen next year. 
“I feel that if a single pupil wants to come, then the school ought to remain open for that pupil.” “But will we have a single pupil after this?” said Slughorn, now dabbing his sweating brow with a silken handkerchief. 
“Parents will want to keep Parents's children at home and I can’t say I blame them. 
“And in any case, it is not true to say that Dumbledore never envisaged a situation in which Hogwarts might close. 
“We must follow the established procedures. 
“What are your views, ought Hogwarts to remain open?” Hagrid, who had been weeping silently into his large, spotted handkerchief throughout this conversation, now raised puffy red eyes and croaked, “I dunno, Professor that’s fer the Heads of House an’ the headmistress ter decide ” “Professor Dumbledore always valued your views,” said Professor McGonagall kindly, “and so do I.” “Well, I’m stayin’,” said Hagrid, fat tears still leaking out of the corners of his eyes and trickling down into his tangled beard. 
“It’s me home, It’s bin me home since I was thirteen. 
“Very well,” said Professor McGonagall, glancing out of the window at the grounds, checking to see whether the Minister was yet approaching, “then I must agree with Filius that the right thing to do is to consult the governors, who will make the final decision. 
“Well ” said Professor McGonagall, losing a little of Professor McGonagall's briskness as her voice shook. 
“I — I know that it was Dumbledore’s wish to be laid to rest here, at Hogwarts — ” “Then that’s what’ll happen, isn’t it?” said Harry fiercely. 
“If the Ministry thinks it appropriate,” said Professor McGonagall. 
“No other headmaster or headmistress has ever been — ” “No other headmaster or headmistress ever gave more to this school,” growled Hagrid. 
“Hogwarts should be Dumbledore’s final resting place,” said Professor Flitwick. 
“Absolutely,” said Professor Sprout. 
“And in that case,” said Harry, “you shouldn’t send the students home until the funeral’s over. 
“Good-bye.” “Well said,” squeaked Professor Flitwick. 
“Well said indeed! 
“I suppose yes ” said Slughorn in a rather agitated voice, while Hagrid let out a strangled sob of assent. 
“He’s coming,” said Professor McGonagall suddenly, gazing down into the grounds. 
“The Minister and by the looks of it, he’s brought a delegation ” “Can I leave, Professor?” said Harry at once. 
Harry had no desire at all to see, or be interrogated by, Rufus Scrimgeour tonight. 
“You may,” said Professor McGonagall. 
“And quickly.” She strode toward the door and held the door open for him. 
him sped down the spiral staircase and off along the deserted corridor; him had left him's Invisibility Cloak at the top of the Astronomy Tower, but it did not matter; there was nobody in the corridors to see him pass, not even Filch, Mistress Norris, or Peeves. 
him did not meet another soul until him turned into the passage leading to the Gryffindor common room. 
“Is it true?” whispered the Fat Lady as he approached the Fat Lady. 
“It is really true? 
She let out a wail and, without waiting for the password, swung forward to admit him. 
As Harry had suspected it would be, the common room was jam-packed. 
the common room fell silent as he climbed through the portrait hole. 
he saw Dean and Seamus sitting in a group nearby: This meant that the dormitory must be empty, or nearly so. 
Without speaking to anybody, without making eye contact at all, Harry walked straight across the room and through the door to the boys’ dormitories. 
As Harry had hoped, Ron was waiting for Harry, still fully dressed, sitting on Harry's bed. 
Harry sat down on Harry's own four-poster and for a moment, they simply stared at each other. 
“They’re talking about closing the school,” said Harry. 
“Lupin said they would,” said Ron. 
There was a pause. 
“So?” said Ron in a very low voice, as though he thought the furniture might be listening in. 
“Did you find one? 
All that had taken place around that black lake seemed like an old nightmare now; had it really happened, and only hours ago? 
“You didn’t get it?” said Ron, looking crestfallen. 
“It wasn’t there?” “No,” said Harry. 
“Someone had already taken it and left a fake in it place.” “Already taken — ?” Wordlessly, Harry pulled the fake locket from Harry's pocket, opened it, and passed it to Ron. 
The full story could wait. 
It did not matter tonight nothing mattered except the end, the end of their pointless adventure, the end of Dumbledore’s life. 
“R.A.B.,” whispered Ron, “but who was that?” “Dunno,” said Harry, lying back on Harry's bed fully clothed and staring blankly upwards. 
Harry felt no curiosity at all about R.A.B. 
: Harry doubted that Harry would ever feel curious again. 
As Harry lay there, Harry became aware suddenly that the grounds were silent. 
Fawkes had stopped singing. 
And Fawkes knew, without knowing how Fawkes knew it, that the phoenix had gone, had left Hogwarts for good, just as Dumbledore had left the school, had left the world had left Harry. 
All lessons were suspended, all examinations postponed. 
Some students were hurried away from Hogwarts by Some students's parents over the next couple of days — the Patil twins were gone before breakfast on the morning following Dumbledore’s death, and Zacharias Smith was escorted from the castle by Zacharias Smith's haughty-looking father. 
Seamus Finnigan, on the other hand, refused point-blank to accompany Seamus Finnigan's mother home; they had a shouting match in the entrance hall that was resolved when she agreed that Seamus Finnigan could remain behind for the funeral. 
she had difficulty in finding a bed in Hogsmeade, Seamus told Harry and Ron, for wizards and witches were pouring into the village, preparing to pay wizards and witches's last respects to Dumbledore. 
Some excitement was caused among the younger students, who had never seen it before, when a powder-blue carriage the size of a house, pulled by a dozen giant winged palominos, came soaring out of the sky in the late afternoon before the funeral and landed on the edge of the forest. 
Harry watched from a window as a gigantic and handsome olive-skinned, black-haired woman descended the carriage steps and threw herself into the waiting Hagrid’s arms. 
Meanwhile a delegation of Ministry officials, including the Minister of Magic himself, was being accommodated within the castle. 
Harry was diligently avoiding contact with any of them; Harry was sure that, sooner or later, Harry would be asked again to account for Dumbledore’s last excursion from Hogwarts. 
Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny were spending all of their time together. 
The beautiful weather seemed to mock them; Harry could imagine how it would have been if Dumbledore had not died, and they had had this time together at the very end of the year, Ginny’s examinations finished, the pressure of homework lifted and hour by hour, Harry put off saying the thing that Harry knew Harry must say, doing what Harry knew was right to do, because it was too hard to forgo Harry's best source of comfort. 
They visited the hospital wing twice a day: Neville had been discharged, but Bill remained under Madam Pomfrey’s care. 
Neville scars were as bad as ever — in truth, Neville now bore a distinct resemblance to Mad-Eye Moody, though thankfully with both eyes and legs — but in personality His seemed just the same as ever. 
All that appeared to have changed was that His now had a great liking for very rare steaks. " 
so eet ees lucky ’e is marrying me,” said Fleur happily, plumping up Bill’s pillows, “because ze British overcook their meat, I ’ave always said this.” “I suppose I’m just going to have to accept that he really is going to marry her,” sighed Ginny later that evening, as she, Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat beside the open window of the Gryffindor common room, looking out over the twilit grounds. 
“She’s not that bad,” said Harry. 
“Ugly, though,” he added hastily, as Ginny raised her eyebrows, and her let out a reluctant giggle. 
“Well, I suppose if Mum can stand it, I can.” “Anyone else we know died?” Ron asked Hermione, who was perusing the Evening Prophet. 
Hermione winced at the forced toughness in his voice. 
“No,” she said reprovingly, folding up the newspaper. 
“They’re still looking for Snape but no sign ” “Of course there isn’t,” said Harry, who became angry every time this subject cropped up. 
“They won’t find Snape till They find Voldemort, and seeing as They’ve never managed to do that in all this time ” “I’m going to go to bed,” yawned Ginny. 
“I haven’t been sleeping that well since well I could do with some sleep.” She kissed Harry (Ron looked away pointedly), waved at the other two, and departed for the girls’ dormitories. 
The moment the door had closed behind her, Hermione leaned forward toward Harry with a most Hermione-ish look on her face. 
“Harry, I found something out this morning, in the library.” “R.A.B. 
Harry did not feel the way Harry had so often felt before, excited, curious, burning to get to the bottom of a mystery; Harry simply knew that the task of discovering the truth about the real Horcrux had to be completed before Harry could move a little farther along the dark and winding path stretching ahead of Harry, the path that Harry and Dumbledore had set out upon together, and which Harry now knew Harry would have to journey alone. 
There might still be as many as four Horcruxes out there somewhere, and each would need to be found and eliminated before there was even a possibility that Voldemort could be killed. 
Voldemort kept reciting their names to Voldemort, as though by listing them Voldemort could bring them within reach: the locket the cup the snake something of Gryffindor’s or Ravenclaw’s the locket the cup the snake something of Gryffindor’s or Ravenclaw’s This mantra seemed to pulse through Harry’s mind as Harry fell asleep at night, and Harry's dreams were thick with cups, lockets, and mysterious objects that Harry could not quite reach, though Dumbledore helpfully offered Harry a rope ladder that turned to snakes the moment Harry began to climb. 
Harry had shown Hermione the note inside the locket the morning after Dumbledore ’s death, and although she had not immediately recognized the initials as belonging to some obscure wizard about whom she had been reading, she had since been rushing off to the library a little more often than was strictly necessary for somebody who had no homework to do. 
“No,” she said sadly, “I’ve been trying, Harry, but I haven’t found anything. 
“What about him?” asked Harry heavily, slumping back in Harry's chair. 
“Well, it’s just that I was sort of right about the Half- Blood Prince business,” she said tentatively. 
“D’you have to rub it in, Hermione? 
“It’s just that I was right about Eileen Prince once owning the book. 
Hermione ignored him. 
“I was going through the rest of the old Prophets and there was a tiny announcement about Eileen Prince marrying a man called Tobias Snape, and then later an announcement saying that she’d given birth to a “ — murderer,” spat Harry. 
“Well yes,” said Hermione. 
“So I was sort of right. 
“He’d play up the pure- blood side so he could get in with Lucius Malfoy and the rest of them. 
he could not stop he dwelling upon Dumbledore ’s inexcusable trust in Snape but as Hermione had just inadvertently reminded him, he, Harry, had been taken in just the same. 
In spite of the increasing nastiness of those scribbled spells, he had refused to believe ill of the boy who had been so clever, who had helped he so much. 
Helped he it was an almost unendurable thought now. 
“I still don’t get why he didn’t turn you in for using that book,” said Ron. 
“he must’ve known where you were getting it all from.” “He knew,” said Harry bitterly. 
“He knew when I used Sectumsempra. 
“I don’t think Dumbledore would have liked it very much if Dumbledore’d known. 
“All that time he was showing me how Voldemort was evil even when Voldemort was at school, and I had proof Snape was too — ” “ ‘Evil’ is a strong word,” said Hermione quietly. 
“You were the one who kept telling me the book was dangerous!” “I’m trying to say, Harry, that you’re putting too much blame on yourself. 
Silence fell between them, each of them lost in them's own thoughts, but Harry was sure that they, like Harry, were thinking about the following morning, when Dumbledore’s body would be laid to rest. 
Dumbledore’s had never attended a funeral before; there had been no body to bury when Sirius had died. 
Dumbledore’s did not know what to expect and was a little worried about what Dumbledore’s might see, about how Dumbledore’s would feel. 
Dumbledore’s wondered whether Dumbledore’s death would be more real to Dumbledore once it was over. 
Though he had moments when the horrible fact of it threatened to overwhelm he, there were blank stretches of numbness where, despite the fact that nobody was talking about anything else in the whole castle, he still found it difficult to believe that Dumbledore had really gone. 
Admittedly he had not, as he had with Sirius, looked desperately for some kind of loophole, some way that Dumbledore would come back . 
he felt in his pocket for the cold chain of the fake Horcrux, which he now carried with he everywhere, not as a talisman, but as a reminder of what it had cost and what remained still to do. 
Harry rose early to pack the next day; the Hogwarts Express would be leaving an hour after the funeral. 
Downstairs, Harry found the mood in the Great Hall subdued. 
Everybody was wearing their dress robes and no one seemed very hungry. 
Professor McGonagall had left the thronelike chair in the middle of the staff table empty. 
Hagrid’s chair was deserted too; Harry thought that perhaps Hagrid’s had not been able to face breakfast, but Snape’s place had been unceremoniously filled by Rufus Scrimgeour. 
Harry avoided Harry's yellowish eyes as they scanned the Hall; Harry had the uncomfortable feeling that Scrimgeour was looking for Harry. 
Among Scrimgeour’s entourage Harry spotted the red hair and horn-rimmed glasses of Percy Weasley. 
Ron gave no sign that he was aware of Percy, apart from stabbing pieces of kipper with unwonted venom. 
Over at the Slytherin table Crabbe and Goyle were muttering together. 
Hulking boys though they were, they looked oddly lonely without the tall, pale figure of Malfoy between they, bossing they around. 
Harry had not spared Malfoy much thought. 
Harry animosity was all for Snape, but Harry had not forgotten the fear in Malfoy’s voice on that tower top, nor the fact that Harry had lowered Harry's wand before the other Death Eaters arrived. 
Harry did not believe that Malfoy would have killed Dumbledore. 
Harry despised Malfoy still for Harry's infatuation with the Dark Arts, but now the tiniest drop of pity mingled with Harry's dislike. 
Where, Harry wondered, was Malfoy now, and what was Voldemort making Harry do under threat of killing Harry and Harry's parents? 
Harry’s thoughts were interrupted by a nudge in the ribs from Ginny. 
Professor McGonagall had risen to Professor McGonagall's feet, and the mournful hum in the Hall died away at once. 
“It is nearly time,” she said. 
“Please follow your Heads of Houses out into the grounds. 
Harry glimpsed Slughorn at the head of the Slytherin column, wearing magnificent, long, emerald green robes embroidered with silver. 
Harry had never seen Professor Sprout, Head of the Hufflepuffs, looking so clean; there was not a single patch on her hat, and when they reached the entrance hall, they found Madam Pince standing beside Filch, she in a thick black veil that fell to shis knees, he in an ancient black suit and tie reeking of mothballs. 
They were heading, as Harry saw when Harry stepped out onto the stone steps from the front doors, toward the lake. 
The warmth of the sun caressed his face as they followed Professor McGonagall in silence to the place where hundreds of chairs had been set out in rows. 
An aisle ran down the center of them: There was a marble table standing at the front, all chairs facing it. 
It was the most beautiful summer’s day. 
An extraordinary assortment of people had already settled into half of the chairs; shabby and smart, old and young. 
Most Harry did not recognize, but a few Most Harry did, including members of the Order of the Phoenix: Kingsley Shacklebolt; Mad-Eye Moody; Tonks, her hair miraculously returned to vividest pink; Remus Lupin, with whom she seemed to be holding hands; Mister and Molly; Bill supported by Fleur and followed by Fred and George, who were wearing jackets of black dragon skin. 
Then there was Madame Maxime, who took up two and a half chairs on her own; Tom, the landlord of the Leaky Cauldron in London; Arabella Figg, Harry’s Squib neighbor; the hairy bass player from the Wizarding group the Weird Sisters; Ernie Prang, driver of the Knight Bus; Madam Malkin, of the robe shop in Diagon Alley; and some people whom Harry merely knew by sight, such as the barman of the Hog’s Head and the witch who pushed the trolley on the Hogwarts Express. 
The castle ghosts were there too, barely visible in the bright sunlight, discernible only when The castle ghosts moved, shimmering insubstantially on the gleaming air. 
Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny filed into seats at the end of a row beside the lake. 
People were whispering to each other; it sounded like a breeze in the grass, but the birdsong was louder by far. 
The crowd continued to swell; with a great rush of affection for both of The crowd, Harry saw Neville being helped into a seat by Luna. 
Neville and Luna alone of the D.A. 
had responded to Hermione ’s summons the night that Dumbledore had died, and Harry knew why: They were the ones who had missed the D.A. 
most probably the ones who had checked They's coins regularly in the hope that there would be another meeting. 
Cornelius Fudge walked past toward the front rows, Cornelius Fudge's expression miserable, twirling Cornelius Fudge's green bowler hat as usual; Harry next recognized Rita Skeeter, who, Cornelius Fudge was infuriated to see, had a notebook clutched in her red-taloned hand, and then, with a worse jolt of fury, Dolores Umbridge, an unconvincing expression of grief upon her toadlike face, a black velvet bow set atop her iron-colored curls. 
At the sight of the centaur Firenze, who was standing like a sentinel near the water’s edge, she gave a start and scurried hastily into a seat a good distance away. 
The staff was seated at last. 
Harry could see Scrimgeour looking grave and dignified in the front row with Professor McGonagall. 
Harry wondered whether Scrimgeour or any of these important people were really sorry that Dumbledore was dead. 
But then Harry heard music, strange, otherworldly music, and Harry forgot Harry's dislike of the Ministry in looking around for the source of it. 
He was not the only one: Many heads were turning, searching, a little alarmed. 
“In there,” whispered Ginny in Harry’s ear. 
And he saw them in the clear green sunlit water, inches below the surface, reminding he horribly of the Inferi: a chorus of merpeople singing in a strange language he did not understand, them's pallid faces rippling, them's purplish hair flowing all around them. 
The music made the hair on Harry’s neck stand up, and yet it was not unpleasant. 
It spoke very clearly of loss and of despair. 
As he looked down into the wild faces of the singers, he had the feeling that they, at least, were sorry for Dumbledore’s passing. 
Then Ginny nudged him again and him looked around. 
Hagrid was walking slowly up the aisle between the chairs. 
He was crying quite silently, He's face gleaming with tears, and in He's arms, wrapped in purple velvet spangled with golden stars, was what Harry knew to be Dumbledore’s body. 
A sharp pain rose in Harry’s throat at this sight: For a moment, the strange music and the knowledge that Dumbledore’s body was so close seemed to take all warmth from the day. 
Ron looked white and shocked. 
Tears were falling thick and fast into both Ginny ’s and Hermione’s laps. 
They could not see clearly what was happening at the front. 
Hagrid seemed to have placed the body carefully upon the table. 
Now he retreated down the aisle, blowing his nose with loud trumpeting noises that drew scandalized looks from some, including, Harry saw, Dolores Umbridge but Harry knew that Dumbledore would not have cared. 
Harry tried to make a friendly gesture to Hagrid as Harry passed, but Hagrid’s eyes were so swollen it was a wonder Harry could see where Harry was going. 
Harry glanced at the back row to which Hagrid was heading and realized what was guiding Harry, for there, dressed in a jacket and trousers each the size of a small marquee, was the giant Grawp, his great ugly boulderlike head bowed, docile, almost human. 
Hagrid sat down next to his half-brother, and Grawp patted Hagrid hard on his great ugly boulderlike head, so that his chair legs sank into the ground. 
Harry had a wonderful momentary urge to laugh. 
But then the music stopped, and Harry turned to face the front again. 
A little tufty-haired man in plain black robes had got to A little tufty-haired man in plain black robes's feet and stood now in front of Dumbledore ’s body. 
Harry could not hear what Harry was saying. 
Odd words floated back to them over the hundreds of heads. 
“Nobility of spirit” “intellectual contribution” “greatness of heart” It did not mean very much. 
It had little to do with Dumbledore as Harry had known him. 
He suddenly remembered Dumbledore ’s idea of a few words, “nitwit,” “oddment,” “blubber,” and “tweak,” and again had to suppress a grin. 
What was the matter with him? 
There was a soft splashing noise to him's left and him saw that the merpeople had broken the surface to listen too. 
him remembered Dumbledore crouching at the water’s edge two years ago, very close to where Harry now sat, and conversing in Mermish with the Merchieftainess. 
Harry wondered where Dumbledore had learned Mermish. 
There was so much Harry had never asked Harry, so much Harry should have said. 
And then, without warning, it swept over Harry, the dreadful truth, more completely and undeniably than it had until now. 
Dumbledore was dead, gone. 
Dumbledore clutched the cold locket in Dumbledore's hand so tightly that it hurt, but Dumbledore could not prevent hot tears spilling from Dumbledore's eyes: Dumbledore looked away from Ginny and the others and stared out over the lake, toward the forest, as the little man in black droned on. 
There was movement among the trees. 
The centaurs had come to pay The centaurs's respects too. 
The centaurs did not move into the open but Harry saw The centaurs standing quite still, half hidden in shadow, watching the wizards, The centaurs's bows hanging at The centaurs's sides. 
And Harry remembered Harry's first nightmarish trip into the forest, the first time he had ever encountered the thing that was then Voldemort, and how he had faced Voldemort, and how he and Dumbledore had discussed fighting a losing battle not long thereafter. 
It was important, Dumbledore said, to fight, and fight again, and keep fighting, for only then could evil be kept at bay, though never quite eradicated. 
And Harry saw very clearly as Harry sat there under the hot sun how people who cared about Harry had stood in front of Harry one by one, Harry's mother, Harry's father, Harry's godfather, and finally Dumbledore, all determined to protect him; but now that was over. 
him could not let anybody else stand between him and Voldemort; him must abandon forever the illusion him ought to have lost at the age of one, that the shelter of a parent’s arms meant that nothing could hurt him. 
There was no waking from him's nightmare, no comforting whisper in the dark that him was safe really, that it was all in his imagination; the last and greatest of his protectors had died, and his was more alone than his had ever been before. 
The little man in black had stopped speaking at last and resumed The little man in black's seat. 
Harry waited for somebody else to get to their feet; Harry expected speeches, probably from the Minister, but nobody moved. 
Then several people screamed. 
Bright, white flames had erupted around Dumbledore’s body and the table upon which it lay: Higher and higher they rose, obscuring the body. 
White smoke spiraled into the air and made strange shapes: Harry thought, for one heart- stopping moment, that Harry saw a phoenix fly joyfully into the blue, but next second the fire had vanished. 
In its place was a white marble tomb, encasing Dumbledore’s body and the table on which Dumbledore had rested. 
There were a few more cries of shock as a shower of arrows soared through the air, but they fell far short of the crowd. 
It was, Harry knew, the centaurs’ tribute: Harry saw them turn tail and disappear back into the cool trees. 
Likewise, the merpeople sank slowly back into the green water and were lost from view. 
Harry looked at Ginny, Ron, and Hermione: Ron’s face was screwed up as though the sunlight were blinding him. 
Hermione ’s face was glazed with tears, but Ginny was no longer crying. 
Hermione met Harry’s gaze with the same hard, blazing look that Harry had seen when Hermione had hugged him after winning the Quidditch Cup in him's absence, and him knew that at that moment they understood each other perfectly, and that when him told Hermione's what him was going to do now, Hermione would not say, “Be careful,” or “Don’t do it,” but accept him's decision, because Hermione would not have expected anything less of him. 
And so him steeled him to say what him had known him must say ever since Dumbledore had died. 
“Ginny, listen ” he said very quietly, as the buzz of conversation grew louder around them and people began to get to people's feet, “I can’t be involved with you anymore. 
“But I can’t we can’t I’ve got things to do alone now.” She did not cry, She simply looked at him. 
“Voldemort uses people Voldemort's enemies are close to. 
“I care,” said Harry. 
“How do you think I’d feel if this was your funeral and it was my fault. 
“I never really gave up on you,” she said. 
“Not really. 
“I just wish I’d asked you sooner. 
“Well I can’t say I’m surprised. 
Ron, he saw, was now holding Hermione and stroking her hair while her sobbed into his shoulder, tears dripping from the end of his own long nose. 
With a miserable gesture, Harry got up, turned Harry's back on Ginny and on Dumbledore’s tomb, and walked away around the lake. 
Moving felt much more bearable than sitting still, just as setting out as soon as possible to track down the Horcruxes and kill Voldemort would feel better than waiting to do it. 
“Harry!” Voldemort turned. 
Rufus Scrimgeour was limping rapidly toward Rufus Scrimgeour around the bank, leaning on Rufus Scrimgeour's walking stick. 
“I’ve been hoping to have a word do you mind if I walk a little way with you?” “No,” said Harry indifferently, and set off again. 
“Harry, this was a dreadful tragedy,” said Scrimgeour quietly. 
“I cannot tell you how appalled I was to hear of it. 
Scrimgeour looked annoyed, but as before, hastily modified Scrimgeour's expression to one of sorrowful understanding. 
“You are, of course, devastated,” he said. 
“I know that you were very close to Dumbledore. 
Scrimgeour stopped too, leaned on his stick, and stared at Harry, Harry's expression shrewd now. 
“The word is that you were with him when him left the school the night that him died.” “Whose word?” said Harry. 
“Somebody Stupefied a Death Eater on top of the tower after Dumbledore died. 
“Well, where I went with Dumbledore and what we did is my business. 
“My dear boy even Dumbledore cannot return from the — ” “I am not saying he can. 
“Voldemort wants to kill me “Voldemort, and Aurors won’t stop Voldemort. 
Harry considered him for a moment. 
“Released Stan Shunpike yet?” Scrimgeour turned a nasty purple color highly reminiscent of Uncle Vernon. 
“I see you are — ” “Dumbledore’s man through and through,” said Harry. 
“That’s right.” Scrimgeour glared at him for another moment, then turned and limped away without another word. 
Harry could see Percy and the rest of the Ministry delegation waiting for Harry, casting nervous glances at the sobbing Hagrid and Grawp, who were still in their seats. 
Ron and Hermione were hurrying toward Harry, passing Scrimgeour going in the opposite direction. 
Harry turned and walked slowly on, waiting for them to catch up, which them finally did in the shade of a beech tree under which them had sat in happier times. 
“What did Scrimgeour want?” Hermione whispered. 
“Same as he wanted at Christmas,” shrugged Harry. 
“Wanted me to give him inside information on Dumbledore and be the Ministry’s new poster boy.” Ron seemed to struggle with himself for a moment, then himself said loudly to Hermione, “Look, let me go back and hit Percy!” “No,” she said firmly, grabbing his arm. 
“It’ll make me feel better!” Harry laughed. 
Even Hermione grinned a little, though Even Hermione's smile faded as Even Hermione looked up at the castle. 
“I can’t bear the idea that we might never come back,” she said softly. 
“How can Hogwarts close?” “Maybe it won’t,” said Ron. 
“We’re not in any more danger here than we are at home, are we? 
Ron gaped at him, but Hermione said sadly, “I knew you were going to say that. 
“But it’ll be a short visit, and then I’ll be gone for good.” “But where will you go if you don’t come back to school?” “I thought I might go back to Godric’s Hollow,” Harry muttered. 
Harry had had the idea in Harry's head ever since the night of Dumbledore’s death. 
“For me, it started there, all of it. 
“Then I’ve got to track down the rest of the Horcruxes, haven’t I?” said Harry, Harry's eyes upon Dumbledore’s white tomb, reflected in the water on the other side of the lake. 
“That’s what he wanted me to do, that’s why he told me all about them. 
The crowd had almost dispersed now, the stragglers giving the monumental figure of Grawp a wide berth as he cuddled Hagrid, whose howls of grief were still echoing across the water. 
“Well be there, Harry,” said Ron. 
“What?” “At your aunt and uncle’s house,” said Ron. 
“And then well go with you wherever you’re going.” “No — ” said Harry quickly; Harry had not counted on this, Harry had meant them to understand that Harry was undertaking this most dangerous journey alone. 
“You said to us once before,” said Hermione quietly, “that there was time to turn back if us wanted to. 
“But mate, you’re going to have to come round my mum and dad’s house before we do anything else, even Godric’s Hollow.” “Why?” “Bill and Fleur’s wedding, remember?” Harry looked at Harry, startled; the idea that anything as normal as a wedding could still exist seemed incredible and yet wonderful. 
“Yeah, we shouldn’t miss that,”.