The two men appeared out of nowhere, a few yards apart in the narrow, moonlit lane. 
For a second The two men stood quite still, wands directed at each other’s chests; then, recognizing each other, The two men stowed their wands beneath their cloaks and started walking briskly in the same direction. 
“News?” asked the taller of the two. 
“The best,” replied Severus Snape. 
The lane was bordered on the left by wild, low- growing brambles, on the right by a high, neatly manicured hedge. 
The men’s long cloaks flapped around The men’s long cloaks's ankles as they marched. 
“Thought I might be late,” said Yaxley, his blunt features sliding in and out of sight as the branches of overhanging trees broke the moonlight. 
“It was a little trickier than I expected. 
They turned right, into a wide driveway that led off the lane. 
The high hedge curved with They, running off into the distance beyond the pair of impressive wrought-iron gates barring the men’s way. 
Neither of them broke step: In silence both raised them's left arms in a kind of salute and passed straight through, as though the dark metal were smoke. 
The yew hedges muffled the sound of the men’s footsteps. 
There was a rustle somewhere to their right: Yaxley drew his wand again, pointing it over his companion’s head, but the source of the noise proved to be nothing more than a pure-white peacock, strutting majestically along the top of the hedge. 
“He always did He well, Lucius. 
A handsome manor house grew out of the darkness at the end of the straight drive, lights glinting in the diamond-paned downstairs windows. 
Somewhere in the dark garden beyond the hedge a fountain was playing. 
Gravel crackled beneath their feet as Snape and Yaxley sped toward the front door, which swung inward at their approach, though nobody had visibly opened it. 
The hallway was large, dimly lit, and sumptuously decorated, with a magnificent carpet covering most of the stone floor. 
The eyes of the pale-faced portraits on the walls followed Snape and Yaxley as they strode past. 
The two men halted at a heavy wooden door leading into the next room, hesitated for the space of a heartbeat, then Snape turned the bronze handle. 
The drawing room was full of silent people, sitting at a long and ornate table. 
The room’s usual furniture had been pushed carelessly up against the walls. 
Illumination came from a roaring fire beneath a handsome marble mantelpiece surmounted by a gilded mirror. 
Snape and Yaxley lingered for a moment on the threshold. 
As Snape and Yaxley's eyes grew accustomed to the lack of light, they were drawn upward to the strangest feature of the scene: an apparently unconscious human figure hanging upside down over the table, revolving slowly as if suspended by an invisible rope, and reflected in the mirror and in the bare, polished surface of the table below. 
None of the people seated underneath this singular sight was looking at this singular sight except for a pale young man sitting almost directly below it. 
a pale young man sitting almost directly below it seemed unable to prevent a pale young man sitting almost directly below it from glancing upward every minute or so. 
“Yaxley. 
“You are very nearly late.” The speaker was seated directly in front of the fireplace, so that it was difficult, at first, for the new arrivals to make out more than The speaker's silhouette. 
As they drew nearer, however, his face shone through the gloom, hairless, snakelike, with slits for nostrils and gleaming red eyes whose pupils were vertical. 
his was so pale that his seemed to emit a pearly glow. 
“Severus, here,” said Voldemort, indicating the seat on Voldemort's immediate right. 
“Yaxley — beside Dolohov.” The two men took The two men's allotted places. 
Most of the eyes around the table followed Snape, and it was to Snape that Voldemort spoke first. 
“So?” “My Lord, the Order of the Phoenix intends to move Harry Potter from Harry Potter's current place of safety on Saturday next, at nightfall.” The interest around the table sharpened palpably: Some stiffened, others fidgeted, all gazing at Snape and Voldemort. 
“Saturday at nightfall,” repeated Voldemort. 
His red eyes fastened upon Snape ’s black ones with such intensity that some of the watchers looked away, apparently fearful that some of the watchers themselves would be scorched by the ferocity of the gaze. 
Snape, however, looked calmly back into Voldemort’s face and, after a moment or two, Voldemort’s lipless mouth curved into something like a smile. 
“Good. 
“My Lord.” Yaxley had leaned forward to look down the long table at Voldemort and Snape. 
All faces turned to him. 
“My Lord, I have heard differently.” Yaxley waited, but Voldemort did not speak, so Voldemort went on, “Dawlish, the Auror, let slip that Potter will not be moved until the thirtieth, the night before the boy turns seventeen.” Snape was smiling. 
“My source told me that there are plans to lay a false trail; this must be it. 
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling “If he has been Confunded, naturally he is certain,” said Snape. 
“I assure you, Yaxley, the Auror Office will play no further part in the protection of Harry Potter. 
Voldemort did not laugh. 
Voldemort gaze had wandered upward to the body revolving slowly overhead, and Voldemort seemed to be lost in thought. 
“My Lord,” Yaxley went on, “Dawlish believes an entire party of Aurors will be used to transfer the boy Voldemort held up a large white hand, and Yaxley subsided at once, watching resentfully as Voldemort turned back to Snape. 
“The place, according to the source, has been given every protection that the Order and Ministry together could provide. 
“Will Ministry have fallen by next Saturday?” Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling Once again, all heads turned. 
Yaxley squared his shoulders. 
“My Lord, I have good news on that score. 
“It is a start,” said Voldemort. 
“But Thicknesse is only one man. 
“At any rate, it remains unlikely that the Ministry will be mine before next Saturday. 
“We now have several people planted within the Department of Magical Transport. 
“The Order is eschewing any form of transport that is controlled or regulated by the Ministry; they mistrust everything to do with the place.” “All the better,” said Voldemort. 
“He will have to move in the open. 
Voldemort, however, seemed to be speaking more to Voldemort than to any of them, still addressing the unconscious body above Voldemort. 
“I have been careless, and so have been thwarted by luck and chance, those wreckers of all but the best- laid plans. 
Many of those at the table looked downward, startled, for the sound had seemed to issue from below those at the table's feet. 
“Wormtail,” said Voldemort, with no change in Voldemort's quiet, thoughtful tone, and without removing Voldemort's eyes from the revolving body above, “have I not spoken to you about keeping our prisoner quiet?” “Yes, m-my Lord,” gasped a small man halfway down the table, who had been sitting so low in a small man's chair that it had appeared, at first glance, to be unoccupied. 
Now he scrambled from his seat and scurried from the room, leaving nothing behind he but a curious gleam of silver. 
“As I was saying,” continued Voldemort, looking again at the tense faces of Voldemort's followers, “I understand better now. 
“No volunteers?” said Voldemort. 
“Let’s see Lucius, I see no reason for you to have a wand anymore.” Lucius Malfoy looked up. 
Lucius Malfoy skin appeared yellowish and waxy in the firelight, and Lucius Malfoy's eyes were sunken and shadowed. 
When he spoke, his voice was hoarse. 
“My Lord?” “Your wand, Lucius. 
She was staring straight ahead, quite as pale as he was, Shis long blonde hair hanging down Shis back, but beneath the table Shis slim fingers closed briefly on his wrist. 
At Shis touch, Malfoy put his hand into his robes, withdrew a wand, and passed a wand along to Voldemort, who held it up in front of his red eyes, examining it closely. 
“What is it?” “Elm, my Lord,” whispered Malfoy. 
“And the core?” “Dragon — dragon heartstring.” “Good,” said Voldemort. 
He drew out He's own wand and compared the lengths. 
Lucius Malfoy made an involuntary movement; for a fraction of a second, it seemed Lucius Malfoy expected to receive Voldemort’s wand in exchange for Lucius Malfoy's own. 
The gesture was not missed by Voldemort, whose eyes widened maliciously. 
“Give you my wand, Lucius? 
“I have given you your liberty, Lucius, is that not enough for you? 
One or two of the wizards barely repressed a shudder as the hissing grew louder; something heavy could be heard sliding across the floor beneath the table. 
The huge snake emerged to climb slowly up Voldemort’s chair. 
The huge snake rose, seemingly endlessly, and came to rest across Voldemort’s shoulders: its neck the thickness of a man’s thigh; its eyes, with their vertical slits for pupils, unblinking. 
Voldemort stroked the creature absently with long thin fingers, still looking at Lucius Malfoy. 
“Why do the Malfoys look so unhappy with their lot? 
His hand shook as His wiped sweat from His's upper lip. 
“We did desire it — We do.” To Malfoy’s left, his wife made an odd, stiff nod, his wife's eyes averted from Voldemort and the snake. 
To his right, his son, Draco, who had been gazing up at the inert body overhead, glanced quickly at Voldemort and away again, terrified to make eye contact. 
“My Lord,” said a dark woman halfway down the table, her voice constricted with emotion, “it is an honor to have you here, in our family’s house. 
“No higher pleasure,” repeated Voldemort, his head tilted a little to one side as he considered Bellatrix. 
“That means a great deal, Bellatrix, from you.” Her face flooded with color; Her's eyes welled with tears of delight. 
“My Lord knows I speak nothing but the truth!” Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling “No higher pleasure even compared with the happy event that, I hear, has taken place in your family this week?” She stared at him, Shis lips parted, evidently confused. 
“I don’t know what you mean, My Lord.” “I’m talking about your niece, Bellatrix. 
Many leaned forward to exchange gleeful looks; a few thumped the table with your niece, Bellatrix's fists. 
The great snake, disliking the disturbance, opened The great snake mouth wide and hissed angrily, but the Death Eaters did not hear it, so jubilant were the Death Eaters at Bellatrix and the Malfoys’ humiliation. 
Bellatrix’s face, so recently flushed with happiness, had turned an ugly, blotchy red. 
“She is no niece of ours, my Lord,” She cried over the outpouring of mirth. 
“We — Narcissa and I — have never set eyes on We sister since We sister married the Mudblood. 
“Will you babysit the cubs?” The hilarity mounted; Draco Malfoy looked in terror at Draco Malfoy's father, who was staring down into Draco Malfoy's own lap, then caught Draco Malfoy's mother’s eye. 
She shook Shis head almost imperceptibly, then resumed Shis own deadpan stare at the opposite wall. 
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling “Enough,” said Voldemort, stroking the angry snake. 
“Enough.” And the laughter died at once. 
“Many of our oldest family trees become a little diseased over time,” he said as Bellatrix gazed at he, breathless and imploring. 
“You must prune yours, must you not, to keep it healthy? 
“At the first chance!” “You shall have it,” said Voldemort. 
“And in your family, so in the world we shall cut away the canker that infects us until only those of the true blood remain. 
The figure came to life with a groan and began to struggle against invisible bonds. 
“Do you recognize our guest, Severus?” asked Voldemort. 
Snape raised Snape's eyes to the upside-down face. 
All of the Death Eaters were looking up at the captive now, as though All of the Death Eaters had been given permission to show curiosity. 
As the woman revolved to face the firelight, the woman said in a cracked and terrified voice, “Severus! 
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling “And you, Draco?” asked Voldemort, stroking the snake’s snout with Voldemort's wand-free hand. 
Draco shook his head jerkily. 
Now that the woman had woken, he seemed unable to look at the woman's anymore. 
“But you would not have taken her classes,” said Voldemort. 
“For those of you who do not know, we are joined here tonight by Charity Burbage who, until recently, taught at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.” There were small noises of comprehension around the table. 
A broad, hunched woman with pointed teeth cackled. 
“Yes Professor Burbage taught the children of witches and wizards all about Muggles how they are not so different from us ” One of the Death Eaters spat on the floor. 
Professor Burbage revolved to face Snape again. 
“Severus please please ” “Silence,” said Voldemort, with another twitch of Malfoy’s wand, and Charity fell silent as if gagged. 
“Not content with corrupting and polluting the minds of Wizarding children, last week Professor Burbage wrote an impassioned defense of Mudbloods in the Daily Prophet Wizards, Professor Burbage says, must accept these thieves of their knowledge and magic. 
For the third time, Professor Burbage revolved to face Snape. 
Tears were pouring from her eyes into her hair. 
Snape looked back at her, quite impassive, as her turned slowly away from Snape again. 
“Avada Kedavra.” The flash of green light illuminated every corner of the room. 
Charity fell, with a resounding crash, onto the table below, which trembled and creaked. 
Several of the Death Eaters leapt back in their chairs. 
Draco fell out of Draco's onto the floor. 
“Dinner, Nagini,” said Voldemort softly, and the great snake swayed and slithered from Voldemort's shoulders onto the polished wood. 
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling Harry was bleeding. 
Clutching Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling Harry's right hand in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling Harry's left and swearing under Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling Harry's breath, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling Harry shouldered open Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling Harry's bedroom door. 
There was a crunch of breaking china: He had trodden on a cup of cold tea that had been sitting on the floor outside He's bedroom door. 
“What the — ?” He looked around; the landing of number four, Privet Drive, was deserted. 
Possibly the cup of tea was Dudley’s idea of a clever booby trap. 
Keeping his bleeding hand elevated, Harry scraped the fragments of cup together with the other hand and threw them into the already crammed bin just visible inside Harry's bedroom door. 
Then Harry tramped across to the bathroom to run Harry's finger under the tap. 
It was stupid, pointless, irritating beyond belief that he still had four days left of being unable to perform magic but he had to admit to he that this jagged cut in his finger would have defeated he. 
he had never learned how to repair wounds, and now he came to think of it — particularly in light of his immediate plans — this seemed a serious flaw in his magical education. 
Making a mental note to ask Hermione how it was done, he used a large wad of toilet paper to mop up as much of the tea as he could, before returning to his bedroom and slamming the door behind he. 
Harry had spent the morning completely emptying Harry's school trunk for the first time since Harry had packed it six years ago. 
At the start of the intervening school years, Harry had merely skimmed off the topmost three quarters of the contents and replaced or updated them, leaving a layer of general debris at the bottom — old quills, desiccated beetle eyes, single socks that no longer fit. 
Minutes previously, Harry had plunged Harry's hand into this mulch, experienced a stabbing pain in the fourth finger of Harry's right hand, and withdrawn it to see a lot of blood. 
He now proceeded a little more cautiously. 
Kneeling down beside the trunk again, He groped around in the bottom and, after retrieving an old badge that flickered feebly between Support CEDRIC DIGGORY and POTTER STINKS , a cracked and worn-out Sneakoscope, and a gold locket inside which a note signed R.A.B. 
had been hidden, He finally discovered the sharp edge that had done the damage. 
He recognized it at once. 
It was a two-inch-long fragment of the enchanted mirror that He's dead godfather, Sirius, had given He. 
Harry laid it aside and felt cautiously around the trunk for the rest, but nothing more remained of Harry's godfather’s last gift except powdered glass, which clung to the deepest layer of debris like glittering grit. 
Harry sat up and examined the jagged piece on which Harry had cut Harry, seeing nothing but Harry's own bright green eye reflected back at Harry. 
Then Harry placed the fragment on top of that morning’s Daily Prophet, which lay unread on the bed, and attempted to stem the sudden upsurge of bitter memories, the stabs of regret and of longing the discovery of the broken mirror had occasioned, by attacking the rest of the rubbish in the trunk. 
It took another hour to empty it completely, throw away the useless items, and sort the remainder in piles according to whether or not he would need them from now on. 
he school and Quidditch robes, cauldron, parchment, quills, and most of his textbooks were piled in a corner, to be left behind. 
He wondered what He's aunt and uncle would do with aunt and uncle; burn aunt and uncle in the dead of night, probably, as if aunt and uncle were the evidence of some dreadful crime. 
His Muggle clothing, Invisibility Cloak, potion-making kit, certain books, the photograph album Hagrid had once given him, a stack of letters, and his wand had been repacked into an old rucksack. 
In a front pocket were the Marauder’s Map and the locket with the note signed R.A.B. 
inside it. 
The locket was accorded this place of honor not because The locket was valuable — in all usual senses it was worthless — but because of what it had cost to attain it. 
This left a sizable stack of newspapers sitting on his desk beside his snowy owl, Hedwig: one for each of the days Harry had spent at Privet Drive this summer. 
Harry got up off the floor, stretched, and moved across to Harry's desk. 
Hedwig made no movement as Hedwig began to flick through the newspapers, throwing them onto the rubbish pile one by one. 
The owl was asleep, or else faking; she was angry with Harry about the limited amount of time she was allowed out of shis cage at the moment. 
As he neared the bottom of the pile of newspapers, Harry slowed down, searching for one particular issue that Harry knew had arrived shortly after Harry had returned to Privet Drive for the summer; Harry remembered that there had been a small mention on the front about the resignation of Charity Burbage, the Muggle Studies teacher at Hogwarts. 
At last Harry found it. 
Turning to page ten, Harry sank into Harry's desk chair and reread the article Harry had been looking for. 
by Elphias Doge I met Albus Dumbledore at the age of eleven, on our first day at Hogwarts. 
Our mutual attraction was undoubtedly due to the fact that we both felt Our to be outsiders. 
I had contracted dragon pox shortly before arriving at school, and while I was no longer contagious, my pockmarked visage and greenish hue did not encourage many to approach me. 
For his part, Albus had arrived at Hogwarts under the burden of unwanted notoriety. 
Scarcely a year previously, Albus's father, Percival, had been convicted of a savage and well-publicized attack upon three young Muggles. 
Albus never attempted to deny that Albus's father (who was to die in Azkaban) had committed this crime; on the contrary, when I plucked up courage to ask his father (who was to die in Azkaban), his father (who was to die in Azkaban) assured me that his father (who was to die in Azkaban) knew his father (who was to die in Azkaban)'s father (who was to die in Azkaban)'s father (who was to die in Azkaban)'s father to be guilty. 
Beyond that, Dumbledore refused to speak of the sad business, though many attempted to make Dumbledore do so. 
Some, indeed, were disposed to praise Dumbledore's father’s action and assumed that Albus too was a Muggle- hater. 
They could not have been more mistaken: As anybody who knew Albus would attest, Albus never revealed the remotest anti-Muggle tendency. 
Indeed, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling his determined support for Muggle rights gained him many enemies in subsequent years. 
In a matter of months, however, Albus’s own fame had begun to eclipse that of him's father. 
By the end of him's first year him would never again be known as the son of a Muggle-hater, but as nothing more or less than the most brilliant student ever seen at the school. 
Those of us who were privileged to be his friends benefited from his example, not to mention his help and encouragement, with which his was always generous. 
his confessed to me in later life that his knew even then that his greatest pleasure lay in teaching. 
his not only won every prize of note that the school offered, his was soon in regular correspondence with the most notable magical names of the day, including Nicolas Flamel, the celebrated alchemist ; Bathilda Bagshot, the noted historian; and Adalbert Waffling, the magical theoretician. 
Several of his papers found their way into learned publications such as Transfiguration Today, Challenges in Charming, and The Practical Potioneer. 
Dumbledore’s future career seemed likely to be meteoric, and the only question that remained was when Dumbledore would become Minister of Magic. 
Though it was often predicted in later years that he was on the point of taking the job, however, he never had Ministerial ambitions. 
Three years after we had started at Hogwarts, Albus’s brother, Aberforth, arrived at school. 
They were not alike; Aberforth was never bookish and, unlike Albus, preferred to settle arguments by dueling rather than through reasoned discussion. 
However, it is quite wrong to suggest, as some have, that the brothers were not friends. 
the brothers rubbed along as comfortably as two such different boys could do. 
In fairness to Aberforth, it must be admitted that living in Albus’s shadow cannot have been an altogether comfortable experience. 
Being continually outshone was an occupational hazard of being his friend and cannot have been any more pleasurable as a brother. 
When Albus and I left Hogwarts we intended to take the then- traditional tour of the world together, visiting and observing foreign wizards, before pursuing our separate careers. 
However, tragedy intervened. 
On the very eve of our trip, Albus’s mother, Kendra, died, leaving Albus the head, and sole breadwinner, of the family. 
I postponed my departure long enough to pay my respects at Kendra’s funeral, then left for what was now to be a solitary journey. 
With a younger brother and sister to care for, and little gold left to them, there could no longer be any question of Albus accompanying me. 
That was the period of our lives when our had least contact. 
I wrote to Albus, describing, perhaps insensitively, the wonders of my journey, from narrow escapes from chimaeras in Greece to the experiments of the Egyptian alchemists. 
His letters told me little of His's day-to-day life, which I guessed to be frustratingly dull for such a brilliant wizard. 
Immersed in my own experiences, it was with horror that I heard, toward the end of my year’s travels, that yet another tragedy had struck the Dumbledores: the death of his sister, Ariana. 
Though Ariana had been in poor health for a long time, the blow, coming so soon after the loss of their mother, had a profound effect on both of her brothers. 
All those closest to Albus — and I count myself one of that lucky number — agree that Ariana ’s death, and Albus’s feeling of personal responsibility for it (though, of course, he was guiltless), left Ariana ’s death, and Albus’s feeling of personal responsibility for it (though, of course, he was guiltless)'s mark upon him forevermore. 
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling I returned home to find a young man who had experienced a much older person’s suffering. 
Albus was more reserved than before, and much less light- hearted. 
To add to Albus's misery, the loss of Ariana had led, not to a renewed closeness between Albus and Aberforth, but to an estrangement. 
(In time this would lift — in later years they reestablished, if not a close relationship, then certainly a cordial one.) 
However, he rarely spoke of his parents or of Ariana from then on, and his friends learned not to mention them. 
Other quills will describe the triumphs of the following years. 
Dumbledore’s innumerable contributions to the store of Wizarding knowledge, including Dumbledore's discovery of the twelve uses of dragon’s blood, will benefit generations to come, as will the wisdom he displayed in the many judgments he made while Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot. 
They say, still, that no Wizarding duel ever matched that between Dumbledore and Grindelwald in 1 945. 
Those who witnessed it have written of the terror and the awe they felt as they watched these two extraordinary wizards do battle. 
Dumbledore’s triumph, and its consequences for the Wizarding world, are considered a turning point in magical history to match the introduction of the International Statute of Secrecy or the downfall of He- Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. 
Dumbledore was never proud or vain; Dumbledore could find something to value in anyone, however apparently insignificant or wretched, and I believe that Albus Dumbledore's early losses endowed him with great humanity and sympathy. 
I shall miss his friendship more than I can say, but my loss is as nothing compared to the Wizarding world’s. 
That his was the most inspiring and the best loved of all Hogwarts headmasters cannot be in question. 
his died as his lived: working always for the greater good and, to his last hour, as willing to stretch out a hand to a small boy with dragon pox as he was on the day that I met he. 
Harry finished reading but continued to gaze at the picture accompanying the obituary. 
Dumbledore was wearing Dumbledore's familiar, kindly smile, but as he peered over the top of his half-moon spectacles, he gave the impression, even in newsprint, of X-raying Harry, whose sadness mingled with a sense of humiliation. 
he had thought he knew Dumbledore quite well, but ever since reading this obituary he had been forced to recognize that he had barely known he at all. 
Never once had he imagined Dumbledore ’s childhood or youth; it was as though he had sprung into being as Harry had known him, venerable and silver-haired and old. 
The idea of a teenage Dumbledore was simply odd, like trying to imagine a stupid Hermione or a friendly Blast-Ended Skrewt. 
He had never thought to ask Dumbledore about He's past. 
No doubt it would have felt strange, impertinent even, but after all, it had been common knowledge that Dumbledore had taken part in that legendary duel with Grindelwald, and Harry had not thought to ask Dumbledore what that had been like, nor about any of Dumbledore's other famous achievements. 
No, they had always discussed Harry, Harry’s past, Harry’s future, Harry’s plans and it seemed to Harry now, despite the fact that Harry's future was so dangerous and so uncertain, that Harry had missed irreplaceable opportunities when Harry had failed to ask Dumbledore more about Harry, even though the only personal question Harry had ever asked Harry's headmaster was also the only one Harry suspected that Dumbledore had not answered honestly: “ What do you see when you look in the mirror?” Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling “!? 
Then he threw the rest of the newspaper onto the rubbish pile and turned to face the room. 
It was much tidier. 
The only things left out of place were today’s Daily Prophet, still lying on the bed, and on top of it, the piece of broken mirror. 
Harry moved across the room, slid the mirror fragment off today’s Prophet, and unfolded the newspaper. 
Harry had merely glanced at the headline when Harry had taken the rolled-up paper from the delivery owl early that morning and thrown it aside, after noting that it said nothing about Voldemort. 
Harry was sure that the Ministry was leaning on the Prophet to suppress news about Voldemort. 
It was only now, therefore, that Harry saw what Harry had missed. 
Across the bottom half of the front page a smaller headline was set over a picture of Dumbledore striding along looking harried: Coming next week, the shocking story of the flawed genius considered by many to be the greatest wizard of his generation. 
Stripping away the popular image of serene, silver-bearded wisdom, Rita Skeeter reveals the disturbed childhood, the lawless youth, the lifelong feuds, and the guilty secrets that Dumbledore carried to Dumbledore's grave. 
WHY was the man tipped to be Minister of Magic content to remain a mere headmaster? 
WHAT was the real purpose of the secret organization known as the Order of the Phoenix? 
HOW did Dumbledore really meet Dumbledore's end? 
The answers to these and many more questions are explored in the explosive new biography, The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore, by Rita Skeeter, exclusively interviewed by Betty Braithwaite, page 13, inside. 
Harry ripped open the paper and found page thirteen. 
The article was topped with a picture showing another familiar face: a woman wearing jeweled glasses with elaborately curled blonde hair, her teeth bared in what was clearly supposed to be a winning smile, wiggling her fingers up at him. 
Doing him's best to ignore this nauseating image, Harry read on. 
In person, Rita Skeeter is much warmer and softer than Rita Skeeter's famously ferocious quill-portraits might suggest. 
Greeting me in the hallway of Rita Skeeter's cozy home, Rita Skeeter leads me straight into the kitchen for a cup of tea, a slice of pound cake and, it goes without saying, a steaming vat of freshest gossip. 
“Well, of course, Dumbledore is a biographer’s dream,” says Rita Skeeter. 
“Such a long, full life. 
Her nine- hundred-page book was completed a mere four weeks after Dumbledore ’s mysterious death in June. 
I ask Her's how Her managed this superfast feat. 
“Oh, when you’ve been a journalist as long as I have, working to a deadline is second nature. 
“Darling Dodgy! 
Does Skeeter really feel that four short weeks have been enough to gain a full picture of Dumbledore’s long and extraordinary life? 
“Oh, my dear,” beams Skeeter, rapping me affectionately across the knuckles, “you know as well as I do how much information can be generated by a fat bag of Galleons, a refusal to hear the word ‘no,’ and a nice sharp Quick-Quotes Quill! 
What were the biggest surprises she uncovered, I ask? 
“Now, come off it, Betty, I’m not giving away all the highlights before anybody’s bought the book!” laughs Skeeter. 
“But I can promise that anybody who still thinks Dumbledore was white as his beard is in for a rude awakening! 
“Oh, Aberforth is just the tip of the dung heap, ” laughs Skeeter. 
“No, no, I’m talking about much worse than a brother with a fondness for fiddling about with goats, worse even than the Muggle-maiming father — Dumbledore couldn’t keep either of them quiet anyway, them were both charged by the Wizengamot. 
“He had brains,” she concedes, “although many now question whether He could really take full credit for all of He's supposed achievements. 
What of He's famous defeat of Grindelwald? 
“Oh, now, I’m glad you mentioned Grindelwald,” says Skeeter with a tantalizing smile. 
“I’m afraid those who go dewy-eyed over Dumbledore’s spectacular victory must brace those who go dewy-eyed over Dumbledore’s spectacular victory for a bombshell — or perhaps a Dungbomb. 
“Oh yes,” says Skeeter, nodding briskly, “I devote an entire chapter to the whole Potter-Dumbledore relationship. 
“Oh, yes, we’ve developed a close bond,” says Skeeter. 
“Poor Potter has few real friends, and we met at one of the most testing moments of his life — the Triwizard Tournament. 
Does Skeeter believe that Potter was there when Dumbledore died? 
“Well, I don’t want to say too much — it’s all in the book — but eyewitnesses inside Hogwarts castle saw Potter running away from the scene moments after Dumbledore fell, jumped, or was pushed. 
There can be no doubt that Skeeter has quilled an instant bestseller. 
Dumbledore’s legions of admirers, meanwhile, may well be trembling at what is soon to emerge about Dumbledore’s legions of admirers's hero. 
Harry reached the bottom of the article, but continued to stare blankly at the page. 
Revulsion and fury rose in him like vomit; him balled up the newspaper and threw the newspaper, with all him's force, at the wall, where the newspaper joined the rest of the rubbish heaped around his overflowing bin. 
his began to stride blindly around the room, opening empty drawers and picking up books only to replace them on the same piles, barely conscious of what his was doing, as random phrases from Rita’s article echoed in his head: An entire chapter to the whole Potter-Dumbledore relationship It’s been called unhealthy, even sinister . 
his dabbled in the Dark Arts himself in his youth I’ve had access to a source most journalists would swap most journalists's wands for “Lies!” Harry bellowed, and through the window Harry saw the next-door neighbor, who had paused to restart Harry's lawn mower, look up nervously. 
Harry sat down hard on the bed. 
The broken bit of mirror danced away from Harry; Harry picked it up and turned it over in Harry's fingers, thinking, thinking of Dumbledore and the lies with which Rita Skeeter was defaming him. 
A flash of brightest blue. 
Harry froze, Harry's cut finger slipping on the jagged edge of the mirror again. 
Harry had imagined it, Harry must have done. 
Harry glanced over Harry's shoulder, but the wall was a sickly peach color of Aunt Petunia’s choosing: There was nothing blue there for the mirror to reflect. 
Harry peered into the mirror fragment again, and saw nothing but Harry's own bright green eye looking back at Harry. 
Harry had imagined it, there was no other explanation; imagined it, because Harry had been thinking of Harry's dead headmaster. 
If anything was certain, it was that the bright blue eyes of Albus Dumbledore would never pierce him again. 
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling The sound of the front door slamming echoed up the stairs and a voice yelled, “Oi! 
He was still gazing at the mirror fragment in which, for a split second, He had thought He saw Dumbledore’s eye. 
It was not until his uncle bellowed, “BOY!” that Harry got slowly to Harry's feet and headed for the bedroom door, pausing to add the piece of broken mirror to the rucksack filled with things Harry would be taking with Harry. 
“You took your time!” roared Vernon Dursley when Harry appeared at the top of the stairs. 
“Get down here, I want a word!” Harry strolled downstairs, Harry's hands deep in Harry's jeans pockets. 
When Harry reached the living room Harry found all three Dursleys. 
They were dressed for traveling: Uncle Vernon in a fawn zip-up jacket, Aunt Petunia in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling a neat salmon-colored coat, and Dudley, Harry’s large, blond, muscular cousin, in Harry's leather jacket. 
“Yes?” asked Harry. 
“Sit down!” said Uncle Vernon. 
Harry raised Harry's eyebrows. 
“Please!” added Uncle Vernon, wincing slightly as though the word was sharp in Uncle Vernon's throat. 
Harry sat. 
Harry thought Harry knew what was coming. 
Harry uncle began to pace up and down, Aunt Petunia and Dudley following his movements with anxious expressions. 
Finally, his large purple face crumpled with concentration, Uncle Vernon stopped in front of Harry and spoke. 
“I’ve changed my mind,” Uncle Vernon said. 
“What a surprise,” said Harry. 
“Don’t you take that tone — ” began Aunt Petunia in a shrill voice, but Vernon Dursley waved her down. 
“It’s all a lot of claptrap,” said Uncle Vernon, glaring at Harry with piggy little eyes. 
“I’ve decided I don’t believe a word of it. 
Vernon Dursley had been changing Vernon Dursley's mind every twenty-four hours for the past four weeks, packing and unpacking and repacking the car with every change of heart. 
Harry’s favorite moment had been the one when Uncle Vernon, unaware that Dudley had added Harry's dumbbells to Harry's case since the last time it had been unpacked, had attempted to hoist it back into the boot and collapsed with roars of pain and much swearing. 
“According to you,” Vernon Dursley said now, resuming Vernon Dursley's pacing up and down the living room, “we — Petunia, Dudley, and I — are in danger. 
“Well, I don’t believe it,” repeated Uncle Vernon, coming to a halt in front of Harry again. 
“I was awake half the night thinking it all over, and I believe it’s a plot to get the house.” “the house?” repeated Harry. 
“What house?” “ the house!” shrieked Uncle Vernon, the vein in his forehead starting to pulse. 
“Our house! 
“A plot to get this house? 
“Just in case you’ve forgotten,” said Harry, “I’ve already got a house, my godfather left me one. 
Harry thought Harry had rather impressed Harry's uncle with this argument. 
“You claim,” said Uncle Vernon, starting to pace yet again, “that this Lord Thing — ” “ — Voldemort,” said Harry impatiently, “and we’ve been through this about a hundred times already. 
The arrival on the doorstep of Kingsley Shacklebolt and Arthur Weasley had come as a most unpleasant shock to the Dursleys. 
Harry had to admit, however, that as Arthur had once demolished half of the living room, Harry's reappearance could not have been expected to delight Uncle Vernon. 
“ — Kingsley and Arthur explained it all as well,” Harry pressed on remorselessly. 
“Once I’m seventeen, the protective charm that keeps me safe will break, and that exposes you as well as me. 
Harry was sure that in that instant they were both wondering the same thing. 
Then Uncle Vernon walked on and Harry resumed, “You’ve got to go into hiding and the Order wants to help. 
Outside the sun hung low over the privet hedges. 
The next-door neighbor’s lawn mower stalled again. 
“I thought there was a Ministry of Magic?” asked Vernon Dursley abruptly. 
“There is,” said Harry, surprised. 
“Well, then, why can’t they protect us? 
It was so very typical of his uncle to put his hopes in the establishment, even within this world that his despised and mistrusted. 
“You heard what Arthur and Kingsley said,” Harry replied. 
“We think the Ministry has been infiltrated.” Uncle Vernon strode to the fireplace and back, breathing so heavily that Uncle Vernon's great black mustache rippled, Uncle Vernon's face still purple with concentration. 
“All right,” he said, stopping in front of Harry yet again. 
“All right, let’s say, for the sake of argument, we accept this protection. 
This question had also been addressed half a dozen times. 
“As I’ve told you,” he said through gritted teeth, “Kingsley is protecting the Mug — I mean, your Prime Minister.” “Exactly — he’s the best!” said Uncle Vernon, pointing at the blank television screen. 
The Dursleys had spotted Kingsley on the news, walking along discreetly behind the Muggle Prime Minister as he visited a hospital. 
This, and the fact that Kingsley had mastered the knack of dressing like a Muggle, not to mention a certain reassuring something in his slow, deep voice, had caused The Dursleys to take to Kingsley in a way that they had certainly not done with any other wizard, although it was true that they had never seen him with him's earring in. 
“Well, he’s taken,” said Harry. 
“But Hestia Jones and Dedalus Diggle are more than up to the job — ” “If we’d even seen CVs ” began Uncle Vernon, but Harry lost patience. 
Getting to Harry's feet, Harry advanced on Harry's uncle, now pointing at the TV set Harry. 
“These accidents aren’t accidents — the crashes and explosions and derailments and whatever else has happened since we last watched the news. 
With his parents’ and Harry’s eyes upon him, him slowly lowered them again and asked, “There are more of them?” “More?” laughed Harry. 
“More than the two that attacked us, you mean? 
“You’ve made your point — ” “I hope so,” said Harry, “because once I’m seventeen, all of them — Death Eaters, dementors, maybe even Inferi — which means dead bodies enchanted by a Dark wizard — will be able to find you and will certainly attack you. 
Aunt Petunia was looking at Uncle Vernon; Dudley was staring at Harry. 
Finally Uncle Vernon blurted out, “But what about my work? 
“They will torture and kill you like They did my parents !” “Dad,” said Dudley in a loud voice, “Dad — I’m going with these Order people.” “Dudley,” said Harry, “for the first time in your life, you’re talking sense.” He knew that the battle was won. 
If Dudley was frightened enough to accept the Order’s help, his parents would accompany his: There could be no question of being separated from their Diddykins. 
Harry glanced at the carriage clock on the mantelpiece. 
“They’ll be here in about five minutes,” Harry said, and when none of the Dursleys replied, Harry left the room. 
The prospect of parting — probably forever — from Harry's aunt, uncle, and cousin was one that he was able to contemplate quite cheerfully, but there was nevertheless a certain awkwardness in the air. 
What did you say to one another at the end of sixteen years’ solid dislike? 
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling Back in his bedroom, Harry fiddled aimlessly with Harry's rucksack, then poked a couple of owl nuts through the bars of Hedwig’s cage. 
They fell with dull thuds to the bottom, where she ignored They. 
“We’re leaving soon, really soon,” Harry told she. 
“And then you’ll be able to fly again.” The doorbell rang. 
Harry hesitated, then headed back out of Harry's room and downstairs. 
It was too much to expect Hestia and Dedalus to cope with the Dursleys on their own. 
“Harry Potter!” squeaked an excited voice, the moment Harry had opened the door; a small man in a mauve top hat was sweeping him a deep bow. 
“An honor, as ever!” “Thanks, Dedalus,” said Harry, bestowing a small and embarrassed smile upon the dark-haired Hestia. 
“It’s really good of you to do this. 
The Dursleys did not look at all happy to be addressed thus; Harry half expected another change of mind. 
Dudley shrank nearer to his mother at the sight of the witch and wizard. 
“I see you are packed and ready. 
“We shall be leaving before Harry does. 
“Know how to — ? 
“Very clever of you, sir, very clever, I personally would be utterly bamboozled by all those buttons and knobs,” said Dedalus. 
He was clearly under the impression that He was flattering Vernon Dursley, who was visibly losing confidence in the plan with every word Dedalus spoke. 
“Can’t even drive,” he muttered under his breath, his mustache rippling indignantly, but fortunately neither Dedalus nor Hestia seemed to hear he. 
“You, Harry,” Dedalus continued, “will wait here for your guard. 
“I thought Mad-Eye was going to come and take me by Side- Along- Apparition?” “Can’t do it,” said Hestia tersely. 
“Mad-Eye will explain.” The Dursleys, who had listened to all of this with looks of utter incomprehension on their faces, jumped as a loud voice screeched, “Hurry up\” Harry looked all around the room before realizing that the voice had issued from Dedalus’s pocket watch. 
“Quite right, we’re operating to a very tight schedule,” said Dedalus, nodding at his watch and tucking it back into his waistcoat. 
“We are attempting to time your departure from the house with your family’s Disapparition, Harry; thus, the charm breaks at the moment you all head for safety.” He turned to the Dursleys. 
“Well, are we all packed and ready to go?” None of them answered He. 
Uncle Vernon was still staring, appalled, at the bulge in Dedalus’s waistcoat pocket. 
“Perhaps we should wait outside in the hall, Dedalus,” murmured Hestia. 
She clearly felt that it would be tactless for them to remain in the room while Harry and the Dursleys exchanged loving, possibly tearful farewells. 
“There’s no need,” Harry muttered, but Uncle Vernon made any further explanation unnecessary by saying loudly, “Well, this is good-bye, then, boy.” He swung He's right arm upward to shake Harry’s hand, but at the last moment seemed unable to face it, and merely closed Harry's fist and began swinging it backward and forward like a metronome. 
“Ready, Diddy?” asked Aunt Petunia, fussily checking the clasp of Aunt Petunia's handbag so as to avoid looking at Harry altogether. 
Dudley did not answer, but stood there with Harry's mouth slightly ajar, reminding Harry a little of the giant, Grawp. 
“Come along, then,” said Uncle Vernon. 
Uncle Vernon had already reached the living room door when Dudley mumbled, “I don’t understand.” “What don’t you understand, popkin?” asked Aunt Petunia, looking up at Aunt Petunia's son. 
Dudley raised a large, hamlike hand to point at Harry. 
“Why isn’t he coming with us?” Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia froze where Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia stood, staring at Dudley as though he had just expressed a desire to become a ballerina. 
“What?” said Uncle Vernon loudly. 
“Why isn’t he coming too?” asked Dudley. 
“Well, he — he doesn’t want to,” said Uncle Vernon, turning to glare at Harry and adding, “You don’t want to, do you?” “Not in the slightest,” said Harry. 
“There you are,” Uncle Vernon told Dudley. 
“Now come on, we’re off.” He marched out of the room. 
They heard the front door open, but Dudley did not move and after a few faltering steps Aunt Petunia stopped too. 
“What now?” barked Uncle Vernon, reappearing in the doorway. 
It seemed that Dudley was struggling with concepts too difficult to put into words. 
After several moments of apparently painful internal struggle he said, “But where’s he going to go?” Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon looked at each other. 
It was clear that Dudley was frightening them. 
Hestia Jones broke the silence. 
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling “But surely you know where your nephew is going?” she asked, looking bewildered. 
“Certainly we know,” said Vernon Dursley. 
“Vernon Dursley’s off with some of your lot, isn’t Vernon Dursley? 
“Off with some of our lot?” Hestia looked outraged. 
Harry had met this attitude before: Witches and wizards seemed stunned that Harry's closest living relatives took so little interest in the famous Harry Potter. 
“It’s fine,” Harry assured her. 
“It doesn’t matter, honestly.” “Doesn’t matter?” repeated Hestia, her voice rising ominously. 
“Don’t these people realize what you’ve been through? 
“these people think I’m a waste of space, actually, but I’m used to — ” “I don’t think you’re a waste of space.” If Harry had not seen Dudley’s lips move, Harry might not have believed it. 
As it was, Harry stared at Dudley for several seconds before accepting that it must have been his cousin who had spoken; for one thing, Dudley had turned red. 
Harry was embarrassed and astonished Harry. 
“Well er thanks, Dudley.” Again, Dudley appeared to grapple with thoughts too unwieldy for expression before mumbling, “You saved my life.” “Not really,” said Harry. 
“It was your soul the dementor would have taken. 
They had had virtually no contact during this summer or last, as Harry had come back to Privet Drive so briefly and kept to Harry's room so much. 
It now dawned on Harry, however, that the cup of cold tea on which Harry had trodden that morning might not have been a booby trap at all. 
Although rather touched, he was nevertheless quite relieved that Dudley appeared to have exhausted his ability to express his feelings. 
After opening his mouth once or twice more, Dudley subsided into scarlet-faced silence. 
Aunt Petunia burst into tears. 
Hestia Jones gave Aunt Petunia's an approving look that changed to outrage as Aunt Petunia ran forward and embraced Dudley rather than Harry. 
“S-so sweet, Dudders ” she sobbed into his massive chest. 
“S-such a lovely b-boy s-saying thank you “But he hasn’t said thank you at all!” said Hestia indignantly. 
“He only said He didn’t think Harry was a waste of space!” “Yeah, but coming from Dudley that’s like ‘I love you,’ ” said Harry, torn between annoyance and a desire to laugh as Aunt Petunia continued to clutch at Dudley as if he had just saved Harry from a burning building. 
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling “Are we going or not?” roared Uncle Vernon, reappearing yet again at the living room door. 
“I thought we were on a tight schedule!” “Yes — yes, we are,” said Dedalus Diggle, who had been watching these exchanges with an air of bemusement and now seemed to pull himself together. 
“We really must be off. 
“ — good luck. 
“Our thoughts go with you.” “I hope everything’s okay,” said Harry with a glance toward Aunt Petunia and Dudley. 
“Oh, I’m sure we shall end up the best of chums,” said Diggle brightly, waving his hat as his left the room. 
Hestia followed him. 
Dudley gently released himself from his mother’s clutches and walked toward Harry, who had to repress an urge to threaten him with magic. 
Then Dudley held out his large, pink hand. 
“Blimey, Dudley,” said Harry over Aunt Petunia’s renewed sobs, “did the dementors blow a different personality into you?” “Dunno,” muttered Dudley. 
“See you, Harry.” Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling “Yeah ” said Harry, taking Dudley’s hand and shaking it. 
“Maybe. 
Harry heard Harry's heavy footfalls on the graveled drive, and then a car door slammed. 
Aunt Petunia, whose face had been buried in her handkerchief, looked around at the sound. 
She did not seem to have expected to find She alone with Harry. 
Hastily stowing Shis wet handkerchief into Shis pocket, She said, “Well — good-bye,” and marched toward the door without looking at him. 
“Good-bye,” said Harry. 
She stopped and looked back. 
For a moment Harry had the strangest feeling that She wanted to say something to Harry: She gave Harry an odd, tremulous look and seemed to teeter on the edge of speech, but then, with a little jerk of Shis head, She bustled out of the room after Shis husband and son. 
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling Harry ran back upstairs to Harry Potter's bedroom, arriving at the window just in time to see the Dursleys’ car swinging out of the drive and off up the road. 
Dedalus’s top hat was visible between Aunt Petunia and Dudley in the backseat. 
The car turned right at the end of Privet Drive, The car windows burned scarlet for a moment in the now setting sun, and then it was gone. 
Harry picked up Hedwig’s cage, Harry's Firebolt, and Harry's rucksack, gave Harry's unnaturally tidy bedroom one last sweeping look, and then made Harry's ungainly way back downstairs to the hall, where Harry deposited cage, broomstick, and bag near the foot of the stairs. 
The light was fading rapidly now, the hall full of shadows in the evening light. 
It felt most strange to stand here in the silence and know that he was about to leave the house for the last time. 
Long ago, when he had been left alone while the Dursleys went out to enjoy themselves, the hours of solitude had been a rare treat: Pausing only to sneak something tasty from the fridge, he had rushed upstairs to play on Dudley’s computer, or put on the television and flicked through the channels to his heart’s content. 
It gave him an odd, empty feeling to remember those times; it was like remembering a younger brother whom he had lost. 
“Don’t you want to take a last look at the place?” he asked Hedwig, who was still sulking with her head under her wing. 
“We’ll never be here again. 
Those had been the days before he had known anything about his true identity; before he had found out how his parents had died or why such strange things often happened around he. 
But Harry could still remember the dreams that had dogged Harry, even in those days: confused dreams involving flashes of green light and once — Uncle Vernon had nearly crashed the car when Harry had recounted the car — a flying motorbike There was a sudden, deafening roar from somewhere nearby. 
Harry straightened up with a jerk and smacked the top of Harry's head on the low door frame. 
Pausing only to employ a few of Uncle Vernon’s choicest swear words, he staggered back into the kitchen, clutching his head and staring out of the window into the back garden. 
The darkness seemed to be rippling, the air itself quivering. 
Then, one by one, figures began to pop into sight as figures's Disillusionment Charms lifted. 
Dominating the scene was Hagrid, wearing a helmet and goggles and sitting astride an enormous motorbike with a black sidecar attached. 
All around him other people were dismounting from brooms and, in two cases, skeletal, black winged horses. 
Wrenching open the back door, Harry hurtled into their midst. 
There was a general cry of greeting as Hermione flung her arms around him, Ron clapped him on the back, and Hagrid said, “All righ’, Harry? 
“But I wasn’t expecting this many of you!” “Change of plan,” growled Mad-Eye, who was holding two enormous, bulging sacks, and whose magical eye was spinning from darkening sky to house to garden with dizzying rapidity. 
“Let’s get undercover before we talk you through it.” Harry led them all back into the kitchen where, laughing and chattering, they settled on chairs, sat they upon Aunt Petunia’s gleaming work surfaces, or leaned up against Aunt Petunia’s's spotless appliances: Ron, long and lanky; Hermione, her bushy hair tied back in a long plait; Fred and George, grinning identically; Bill, badly scarred and long- P a g e ? 
Harry’s heart seemed to expand and glow at the sight: Harry’s felt incredibly fond of all of them, even Mundungus, whom Harry’s had tried to strangle the last time they had met. 
“Kingsley, I thought you were looking after the Muggle Prime Minister?” Kingsley called across the room. 
“Kingsley can get along without me for one night,” said Kingsley. 
“You’re more important.” “Harry, guess what?” said Tonks from Tonks's perch on top of the washing machine, and she wiggled shis left hand at him; a ring glittered there. 
“You got married?” Harry yelped, looking from her to Lupin. 
“I’m sorry you couldn’t be there, Harry, it was very quiet.” “That’s brilliant, congrat — ” “All right, all right, we’ll have time for a cozy catch-up later!” roared Moody over the hubbub, and silence fell in the kitchen. 
Moody over dropped Moody's sacks at Moody's feet and turned to Harry. 
“As Dedalus probably told you, we had to abandon Plan A. Pius Thicknesse has gone over, which gives us a big problem. 
“The charm that detects magical activity around under-seventeens, the way the Ministry finds out about underage magic! 
“So what are we going to do?” “We’re going to use the only means of transport left to us, the only ones the Trace can’t detect, because we don’t need to cast spells to use them: brooms, thestrals, and Hagrid’s motorbike.” Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling Harry could see flaws in this plan; however, he held his tongue to give Mad-Eye the chance to address them. 
“Now, your mother’s charm will only break under two conditions: when you come of age, or” — Moody gestured around the pristine kitchen — “you no longer call this place home. 
“So this time, when you leave, there’ll be no going back, and the charm will break the moment you get outside the charm range. 
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling “You’ll be going to Tonks’s parents. 
“Maybe they won’t know which of the twelve secure houses I’m heading for at first, but won’t it be sort of obvious once” — he performed a quick headcount — “fourteen of us fly off toward Tonks’s parents’?” “Ah,” said Moody, “I forgot to mention the key point. 
There was no need for him to say another word; Harry understood the rest of the plan immediately. 
“No!” he said loudly, his voice ringing through the kitchen. 
“No way!” “I told them you’d take it like this,” said Hermione with a hint of complacency. 
“If you think I’m going to let six people risk six people's lives “ — because it’s the first time for all of us,” said Ron. 
“This is different, pretending to be me — ” “Well, none of us really fancy it, Harry,” said Fred earnestly. 
“Imagine if something went wrong and we were stuck as specky, scrawny gits forever.” Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling Harry did not smile. 
“You can’t do it if I don’t cooperate, you need me to give you some hair.” “Well, that’s that plan scuppered,” said George. 
“Obviously there’s no chance at all of us getting a bit of your hair unless you cooperate.” “Yeah, thirteen of us against one bloke who’s not allowed to use magic; we’ve got no chance,” said Fred. 
“Funny,” said Harry, “really amusing.” “If it has to come to force, then it will,” growled Moody, his magical eye now quivering a little in its socket as his glared at Harry. 
“Everyone here’s overage, Potter, and they’re all prepared to take the risk.” Mundungus shrugged and grimaced; the magical eye swerved sideways to glare at Mundungus out of the side of Moody’s head. 
“Let’s have no more arguments. 
“With Voldemort out there and half the Ministry on Voldemort's side? 
“So, Potter — some of your hair, if you please.” Harry glanced at Ron, who grimaced at him in a just- do-it sort of way. 
“Now!” barked Moody. 
With all of their eyes upon him, Harry reached up to the top of Harry's head, grabbed a hank of hair, and pulled. 
“Good,” said Moody, limping forward as he pulled the stopper out of the flask of potion. 
“Straight in here, if you please.” Harry dropped the hair into the mudlike liquid. 
The moment it made contact with it surface, the potion began to froth and smoke, then, all at once, it turned a clear, bright gold. 
“Ooh, you look much tastier than Crabbe and Goyle, Harry,” said Hermione, before catching sight of Ron’s raised eyebrows, blushing slightly, and saying, “Oh, you know what I mean — Goyle ’s potion looked like bogies.” “Right then, fake Potters line up over here, please,” said Moody. 
Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, and Fleur lined up in front of Aunt Petunia’s gleaming sink. 
“We’re one short,” said Lupin. 
“Here,” said Hagrid gruffly, and Hagrid gruffly lifted Mundungus by the scruff of the neck and dropped him down beside Fleur, who wrinkled her nose pointedly and moved along to stand between Fred and George instead. 
“I’ve toldjer, I’d sooner be a protector,” said Mundungus. 
“Shut it,” growled Moody. 
“As I’ve already told you, you spineless worm, any Death Eaters we run into will be aiming to capture Potter, not kill Death Eaters. 
“Altogether, then ” Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, Fleur, and Mundungus drank. 
All of them gasped and grimaced as the potion hit All of them's throats: At once, All of them's features began to bubble and distort like hot wax. 
Hermione and Mundungus were shooting upward; Ron, Fred, and George were shrinking; their hair was darkening, Hermione’s and Fleur’s appearing to shoot backward into their skulls. 
Moody, quite unconcerned, was now loosening the ties of the large sacks he had brought with him. 
When he straightened up again, there were six Harry Potters gasping and panting in front of he. 
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling Fred and George turned to each other and said together, “Wow — we’re identical!” “I dunno, though, I think I’m still better-looking,” said Fred, examining Fred's reflection in the kettle. 
“Bah,” said Fleur, checking herself in the microwave door, “Bill, don’t look at herself — I’m ’ideous.” “Those whose clothes are a bit roomy, I’ve got smaller here,” said Moody, indicating the first sack, “and vice versa. 
He watched as He's six doppelgangers rummaged in the sacks, pulling out sets of clothes, putting on glasses, stuffing six doppelgangers's own things away. 
He felt like asking them to show a little more respect for He's privacy as they all began stripping off with impunity, clearly much more at ease with displaying He's body than them would have been with them's own. 
“I knew Ginny was lying about that tattoo,” said Ron, looking down at his bare chest. 
“Harry, your eyesight really is awful,” said Hermione, as Hermione put on glasses. 
Once dressed, the fake Harrys took rucksacks and owl cages, each containing a stuffed snowy owl, from the second sack. 
“Good,” said Moody, as at last seven dressed, bespectacled, and luggage-laden Harrys faced him. 
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling “The pairs will be as follows: Mundungus will be traveling with me, by broom — ” “Why’m I with you?” grunted the Harry nearest the back door. 
“Because you’re the one that needs watching,” growled Moody, and sure enough, his magical eye did not waver from Mundungus as his continued, “Arthur and Fred — ” “I’m George,” said the twin at whom Moody was pointing. 
“Can’t you even tell us apart when us’re Harry?” “Sorry, George — ” “I’m only yanking your wand, I’m Fred really — ” “Enough messing around!” snarled Moody. 
“The other one — George or Fred or whoever you are — you’re with Remus. 
“She’s not that fond of brooms.” Fleur walked over to stand beside him, giving him a soppy, slavish look that Harry hoped with all Harry's heart would never appear on Harry's face again. 
“Miss Granger with Kingsley, again by thestral — ” Hermione looked reassured as she answered Kingsley’s smile; Harry knew that Hermione too lacked confidence on a broomstick. 
“Which leaves you and me, Ron!” said Tonks brightly, knocking over a mug tree as she waved at him. 
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling Ron did not look quite as pleased as Hermione. 
“An’ you’re with me, Harry. 
“We’ll be on the bike, brooms an’ thestrals can’t take me weight, see. 
“We think the Death Eaters will expect you to be on a broom,” said Moody, who seemed to guess how Harry was feeling. 
“Snape’s had plenty of time to tell them everything about you he’s never mentioned before, so if we do run into any Death Eaters, we’re betting they’ll choose one of the Potters who look at home on a broomstick. 
On every side broomsticks were leaping into hands; Hermione had already been helped up onto a great black thestral by Kingsley, Fleur onto the other by Bill. 
Hagrid was standing ready beside the motorbike, goggles on. 
“Is this it? 
“An’ the last time yeh was on it, Harry, I could fit yeh in one hand!” Harry could not help but feel a little humiliated as Harry got into the sidecar. 
It placed Harry several feet below everybody else: Ron smirked at the sight of Harry sitting there like a child in a bumper car. 
Harry stuffed Harry's rucksack and broomstick down by Harry's feet and rammed Hedwig’s cage between his knees. 
It was extremely uncomfortable. 
“Arthur’s done a bit o’ tinkerin’,” said Hagrid, quite oblivious to Harry’s discomfort. 
Harry settled Harry astride the motorcycle, which creaked slightly and sank inches into the ground. 
“It’s got a few tricks up its handlebars now. 
“Please be careful, Hagrid,” said Arthur, who was standing beside them, holding his broomstick. 
“I’m still not sure that was advisable and it’s certainly only to be used in emergencies.” “All right then,” said Moody. 
“Everyone ready, please; I want us all to leave at exactly the same time or the whole point of the diversion’s lost.” Everybody mounted their brooms. 
“Hold tight now, Ron,” said Tonks, and Harry saw Ron throw a furtive, guilty look at Lupin before placing his hands on either side of her waist. 
Hagrid kicked the motorbike into life: It roared like a dragon, and the sidecar began to vibrate. 
“Good luck, everyone,” shouted Moody. 
“See you all in about an hour at the Burrow. 
Around him brooms were soaring upward too; the long black tail of a thestral flicked past. 
him legs, jammed into the sidecar by Hedwig’s cage and his rucksack, were already sore and starting to go numb. 
So great was him's discomfort that him almost forgot to take a last glimpse of number four, Privet Drive; by the time him looked over the edge of the sidecar him could no longer tell which one it was. 
Higher and higher they climbed into the sky — And then, out of nowhere, out of nothing, they were surrounded. 
At least thirty hooded figures, suspended in midair, formed a vast circle in the midst of which the Order members had risen, oblivious — Screams, a blaze of green light on every side: Hagrid gave a yell and the motorbike rolled over. 
Harry lost any sense of where they were: Streetlights above Harry, yells around Harry, Harry was clinging to the sidecar for dear life. 
Hedwig’s cage, the Firebolt, and his rucksack slipped from beneath Harry's knees — “No — HEDWIG!” The broomstick spun to earth, but The broomstick just managed to seize the strap of The broomstick's rucksack and the top of the cage as the motorbike swung the right way up again. 
A second’s relief, and then another burst of green light. 
The owl screeched and fell to the floor of the cage. 
“No — NO!” The motorbike zoomed forward; Harry glimpsed hooded Death Eaters scattering as Hagrid blasted through their circle. 
“Hedwig — Hedwig — ” Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling But the owl lay motionless and pathetic as a toy on the floor of her cage. 
He could not take it in, and He's terror for the others was paramount. 
He glanced over He's shoulder and saw a mass of people moving, flares of green light, two pairs of people on brooms soaring off into the distance, but He could not tell who they were — “Hagrid, we’ve got to go back, we’ve got to go back!” He yelled over the thunderous roar of the engine, pulling out He's wand, ramming Hedwig’s cage onto the floor, refusing to believe that she was dead. 
“Hagrid, TURN “My job’s ter get you there safe, Harry!” bellowed Hagrid, and Harry!” opened the throttle. 
“Stop — STOP!” Harry shouted, but as Harry looked back again two jets of green light flew past Harry's left ear: Four Death Eaters had broken away from the circle and were pursuing Four Death Eaters, aiming for Hagrid ’s broad back. 
Hagrid swerved, but the Death Eaters were keeping up with the bike; more curses shot after them, and Harry had to sink low into the sidecar to avoid them. 
Wriggling around he cried, “Stupefy\” and a red bolt of light shot from his own wand, cleaving a gap between the four pursuing Death Eaters as they scattered to avoid it. 
“Hold on, Harry, this’ll do for ’em!” roared Hagrid, and Harry looked up just in time to see Hagrid slamming a thick finger into a green button near the fuel gauge. 
A wall, a solid brick wall, erupted out of the exhaust pipe. 
Craning his neck, Harry saw it expand into being in midair. 
Three of the Death Eaters swerved and avoided it, but the fourth was not so lucky: Harry vanished from view and then dropped like a boulder from behind it, Harry's broomstick broken into pieces. 
One of Harry's fellows slowed up to save Harry, but they and the airborne wall were swallowed by darkness as Hagrid leaned low over the handlebars and sped up. 
More Killing Curses flew past Harry’s head from the two remaining Death Eaters’ wands; they were aiming for Hagrid. 
Harry responded with further Stunning Spells: Red and green collided in midair in a shower of multicolored sparks, and Harry thought wildly of fireworks, and the Muggles below who would have no idea what was happening — “Here we go again, Harry, hold on!” yelled Hagrid, and Harry jabbed at a second button. 
This time a great net burst from the bike’s exhaust, but the Death Eaters were ready for it. 
Not only did they swerve to avoid it, but the companion who had slowed to save their unconscious friend had caught up. 
He bloomed suddenly out of the darkness and now three of them were pursuing the motorbike, all shooting curses after it. 
“This’ll do it, Harry, hold on tight!” yelled Hagrid, and Harry saw him slam his whole hand onto the purple button beside the speedometer. 
With an unmistakable bellowing roar, dragon fire burst from the exhaust, white-hot and blue, and the motorbike shot forward like a bullet with a sound of wrenching metal. 
Harry saw the Death Eaters swerve out of sight to avoid the deadly trail of flame, and at the same time felt the sidecar sway ominously: Its metal connections to the bike had splintered with the force of acceleration. 
“It’s all righ’, Harry!” bellowed Hagrid, now thrown flat onto his back by the surge of speed; nobody was steering now, and the sidecar was starting to twist violently in the bike’s slipstream. 
‘Tm on it, Harry, don’ worry!” Hagrid yelled, and from inside his jacket pocket his pulled his flowery pink umbrella. 
“Hagrid! 
“I’m cornin’, Harry!” Hagrid yelled from out of the darkness, but Harry could feel the sidecar beginning to sink again: Crouching as low as Harry could, Harry pointed at the middle of the oncoming figures and yelled, “Impedimental” The jinx hit the middle Death Eater in the chest: For a moment Harry was absurdly spread-eagled in midair as though Harry had hit an invisible barrier: One of Harry's fellows almost collided with Harry — Then the sidecar began to fall in earnest, and the remaining Death Eater shot a curse so close to Harry that Harry had to duck below the rim of the car, knocking out a tooth on the edge of Harry's seat — “I’m cornin’, Harry, I’m cornin’!” Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling A huge hand seized the back of Harry’s robes and hoisted Harry out of the plummeting sidecar; Harry pulled Harry's rucksack with Harry as Harry dragged Harry onto the motorbike’s seat and found himself back-to- back with Hagrid. 
As they soared upward, away from the two remaining Death Eaters, Harry spat blood out of Harry's mouth, pointed Harry's wand at the falling sidecar, and yelled, “Confringo\” Harry knew a dreadful, gut-wrenching pang for Hedwig as it exploded; the Death Eater nearest the Death Eater nearest was blasted off the Death Eater nearest] broom and fell from sight; his companion fell back and vanished. 
“Harry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” moaned Hagrid, “I shouldn’ta tried ter repair it meself — yeh’ve got no room — ” “It’s not a problem, just keep flying!” Harry shouted back, as two more Death Eaters emerged out of the darkness, drawing closer. 
As the curses came shooting across the intervening space again, Hagrid swerved and zigzagged: Harry knew that Hagrid did not dare use the dragon-fire button again, with Harry seated so insecurely. 
Harry sent Stunning Spell after Stunning Spell back at their pursuers, barely holding them off. 
Harry shot another blocking jinx at them: The closest Death Eater swerved to avoid it and The closest Death Eater's hood slipped, and by the red light of The closest Death Eater's next Stunning Spell, Harry saw the strangely blank face of Stanley Shunpike — Stan — “ ExpelliarmusV’ Harry yelled. 
“Harry, what’s happened?” bellowed Hagrid. 
“Where Ve they gone?” “I don’t know!” But Harry was afraid: The hooded Death Eater had shouted “It’s the real one!”; how had Harry known? 
Harry gazed around at the apparently empty darkness and felt its menace. 
Where were they? 
He clambered around on the seat to face forward and seized hold of the back of Hagrid ’s jacket. 
“Hagrid, do the dragon-fire thing again, let’s get out of here!” “Hold on tight, then, Harry!” There was a deafening, screeching roar again and the white-blue fire shot from the exhaust: Harry felt Harry slipping backward off what little of the seat Harry had, Hagrid flung backward upon Harry, barely maintaining Harry's grip on the handlebars — “I think we’ve lost ’em Harry, I think we’ve done it!” yelled Hagrid. 
But Harry was not convinced: Fear lapped at Harry as Harry looked left and right for pursuers Harry was sure would come. 
Why had they fallen back? 
One of they had still had a wand. 
It’s him it’s the real one . 
They had said it right after he had tried to Disarm Stan. 
“We’re nearly there, Harry, we’ve nearly made it!” shouted Hagrid. 
Harry felt the bike drop a little, though the lights down on the ground still seemed remote as stars. 
Then the scar on Harry's forehead burned like fire; as a Death Eater appeared on either side of the bike, two Killing Curses missed Harry by millimeters, cast from behind — And then Harry saw him. 
Voldemort was flying like smoke on the wind, without broomstick or thestral to hold Voldemort, Voldemort's snakelike face gleaming out of the blackness, Voldemort's white fingers raising Voldemort's wand again — Hagrid let out a bellow of fear and steered the motorbike into a vertical dive. 
Clinging on for dear life, Harry sent Stunning Spells flying at random into the whirling night. 
Harry saw a body fly past Harry and knew Harry had hit one of them, but then Harry heard a bang and saw sparks from the engine; the motorbike spiraled through the air, completely out of control — Green jets of light shot past them again. 
Harry had no idea which way was up, which down: Harry scar was still burning; Harry expected to die at any second. 
A hooded figure on a broomstick was feet from him, Harry saw it raise it arm — With a shout of fury Hagrid launched himself off the bike at the Death Eater; to his horror, Harry saw both Hagrid and the Death Eater falling out of sight, their combined weight too much for the broomstick — Barely gripping the plummeting bike with his knees, Harry heard Voldemort scream, “Mine\” Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling It was over: He could not see or hear where Voldemort was; He glimpsed another Death Eater swooping out of the way and heard, “Avada — ” As the pain from Harry’s scar forced his eyes shut, his wand acted of its own accord. 
his felt it drag his hand around like some great magnet, saw a spurt of golden fire through his half-closed eyelids, heard a crack and a scream of fury. 
The remaining Death Eater yelled; Voldemort screamed, “ No\ Somehow, Harry found Harry's nose an inch from the dragon-fire button. 
“Hagrid — Accio Hagridl” The motorbike sped up, sucked toward the earth. 
Face level with the handlebars, Harry could see nothing but distant lights growing nearer and nearer: Harry was going to crash and there was nothing Harry could do about it. 
Behind Harry came another scream, “Your wand, Selwyn, give me your wand\” Harry felt Voldemort before Harry saw Voldemort. 
Looking sideways, he stared into the red eyes and was sure they would be the last thing he ever saw: Voldemort preparing to curse Voldemort once more — And then Voldemort vanished. 
Harry looked down and saw Hagrid spread-eagled on the ground below Harry. 
Harry pulled hard at the handlebars to avoid hitting Harry, groped for the brake, but with an earsplitting, ground-trembling crash, Harry smashed into a muddy pond. 
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling “Hagrid?” Harry struggled to raise Harry out of the debris of metal and leather that surrounded Harry; Harry's hands sank into inches of muddy water as Harry tried to stand. 
Harry could not understand where Voldemort had gone and expected Voldemort to swoop out of the darkness at any moment. 
Something hot and wet was trickling down Voldemort's chin and from Voldemort's forehead. 
Voldemort crawled out of the pond and stumbled toward the great dark mass on the ground that was Hagrid. 
“Hagrid? 
“Who’s there? 
Then a woman shouted, “They’ve crashed, Ted! 
“Hagrid,” he repeated stupidly, and his knees buckled. 
The next thing he knew, he was lying on his back on what felt like cushions, with a burning sensation in his ribs and right arm. 
he missing tooth had been regrown. 
The scar on his forehead was still throbbing. 
“Hagrid?” He opened He's eyes and saw that He was lying on a sofa in an unfamiliar, lamplit sitting room. 
He rucksack lay on the floor a short distance away, wet and muddy. 
A fair-haired, big-bellied man was watching Harry anxiously. 
“Hagrid’s fine, son,” said the man, “the wife’s seeing to Harry now. 
“Voldemort — ” “Easy, now,” said Ted Tonks, placing a hand on Harry’s shoulder and pushing Harry back against the cushions. 
“That was a nasty crash you just had. 
“Death Eaters, loads of them — we were chased — ” “Death Eaters?” said Ted sharply. 
“What d’you mean, Death Eaters? 
Ted Tonks looked up at the ceiling as though Ted Tonks could see through it to the sky above. 
“Well, we know we protective charms hold, then, don’t we? 
He only hoped they would continue to work: He imagined Voldemort, a hundred yards above them as they spoke, looking for a way to penetrate what Harry visualized as a great transparent bubble. 
Harry swung Harry's legs off the sofa; Harry needed to see Hagrid with Harry's own eyes before He would believe that He was alive. 
He had barely stood up, however, when a door opened and Hagrid squeezed through it, He's face covered in mud and blood, limping a little but miraculously alive. 
“Harry!” Knocking over two delicate tables and an aspidistra, he covered the floor between them in two strides and pulled Harry into a hug that nearly cracked Harry's newly repaired ribs. 
“Blimey, Harry, how did yeh get out o’ that? 
yeh had just noticed the woman who had entered the room behind Hagrid. 
“You!” You! 
“Your wand’s here, son,” said Ted, tapping it on Harry’s arm. 
“It fell right beside you, I picked It up. 
Nevertheless, she looked a little haughty after Harry’s exclamation. 
“What happened to our daughter?” our daughter asked. 
“Hagrid said you were ambushed; where is Nymphadora?” “I don’t know,” said Harry. 
“We don’t know what happened to anyone else.” She and Ted exchanged looks. 
A mixture of fear and guilt gripped Harry at the sight of their expressions; if any of the others had died, it was his fault, all Harry's fault. 
Harry had consented to the plan, given them Harry's hair. 
“The Portkey,” he said, remembering all of a sudden. 
“We’ve got to get back to the Burrow and find out — then well be able to send you word, or — or Tonks will, once she’s — ” “Dora’ll be okay, ’Dromeda,” said Ted. 
“She knows Shis stuff, She’s been in plenty of tight spots with the Aurors. 
“It’s supposed to leave in three minutes, if you want to take it.” “Yeah, we do,” said Harry. 
Harry seized Harry's rucksack, swung it onto Harry's shoulders. 
“I — ” He looked at Mistress Tonks, wanting to apologize for the state of fear in which He left her and for which He felt so terribly responsible, but no words occurred to He that did not seem hollow and insincere. 
“Ill tell Tonks — Dora — to send word, when she Thanks for patching us up, thanks for everything. 
“Thanks,” said Harry, reaching out to place a finger on it, ready to leave. 
“Wait a moment,” said Hagrid, looking around. 
“Harry, where’s Hedwig?” “She She got hit,” said Harry. 
The realization crashed over Harry: Harry felt ashamed of Harry as the tears stung Harry's eyes. 
The owl had been his companion, his one great link with the magical world whenever his had been forced to return to the Dursleys. 
Hagrid reached out a great hand and patted him painfully on the shoulder. 
“Never mind,” he said gruffly. 
“Never mind. 
With a jerk behind the navel as though an invisible hook and line had dragged him forward, Harry was pulled into nothingness, spinning uncontrollably, Harry's finger glued to the Portkey as he and Hagrid hurtled away from Mister Tonks. 
Seconds later Harry’s feet slammed onto hard ground and Harry fell onto Harry's hands and knees in the yard of the Burrow. 
He heard screams. 
Throwing aside the no longer glowing hairbrush, Harry stood up, swaying slightly, and saw Molly and Ginny running down the steps by the back door as Hagrid, who had also collapsed on landing, clambered laboriously to Harry's feet. 
“Harry? 
“What d’you mean? 
The answer was clearly etched in Molly ’s pale face. 
“The Death Eaters were waiting for us,” Harry told her. 
“We were surrounded the moment We took off — they knew it was tonight — I don’t know what happened to anyone else, four of they chased We, it was all We could do to get away, and then Voldemort caught up with We — ” Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling Voldemort could hear the self-justifying note in Voldemort's voice, the plea for her to understand why Voldemort did not know what had happened to her sons, but — “Thank goodness you’re all right,” her said, pulling him into a hug him did not feel him deserved. 
“Haven’t go’ any brandy, have yeh, Molly?” asked Hagrid a little shakily. 
“Fer medicinal purposes?” She could have summoned it by magic, but as She hurried back toward the crooked house, Harry knew that She wanted to hide Shis face. 
Harry turned to Ginny and Ginny answered Harry's unspoken plea for information at once. 
“Ron and Tonks should have been back first, but Ron and Tonks missed Ron and Tonks's Portkey, it came back without them,” Portkey said, pointing at a rusty oil can lying on the ground nearby. 
“And that one,” she pointed at an ancient sneaker, “should have been Dad and Fred’s, they were supposed to be second. 
He uncorked it and drank it straight down in one. 
“Mum!” shouted Ginny, pointing to a spot several feet away. 
A blue light had appeared in the darkness: A blue light grew larger and brighter, and Lupin and George appeared, spinning and then falling. 
Harry knew immediately that there was something wrong: Lupin was supporting George, who was unconscious and whose face was covered in blood. 
Harry ran forward and seized George’s legs. 
Together, Harry and Lupin carried George into the house and through the kitchen to the sitting room, where they laid him on the sofa. 
As the lamplight fell across George’s head, Ginny gasped and Harry’s stomach lurched: One of George’s ears was missing. 
The side of his head and neck were drenched in wet, shockingly scarlet blood. 
No sooner had Molly bent over Molly's son than Lupin grabbed Harry by the upper arm and dragged Harry, none too gently, back into the kitchen, where Hagrid was still attempting to ease his bulk through the back door. 
“Oi!” said Hagrid indignantly. 
“Le’ go of him! 
“What creature sat in the corner the first time that Harry Potter visited my office at Hogwarts?” Harry Potter said, giving Harry a small shake. 
“Answer me!” “A — a grindylow in a tank, wasn’t it?” Lupin released Harry and fell back against a kitchen cupboard. 
“Wha’ was tha’ about?” roared Hagrid. 
“I’m sorry, Harry, but I had to check,” said Lupin tersely. 
“We’ve been betrayed. 
“You’re half-giant,” said Lupin, looking up at Hagrid. 
“The Polyjuice Potion is designed for human use only.” “None of the Order would have told Voldemort we were moving tonight,” said Harry. 
The idea was dreadful to Voldemort, Voldemort could not believe it of any of them. 
“Voldemort only caught up with me toward the end, Voldemort didn’t know which one I was in the beginning. 
“What happened? 
“They recognized you? 
“I saw Stan Shunpike. 
“Harry, the time for Disarming is past! 
Lupin was reminding him of the sneering Hufflepuff Zacharias Smith, who had jeered at Harry for wanting to teach Dumbledore’s Army how to Disarm. 
“Yes, Harry,” said Lupin with painful restraint, “and a great number of Death Eaters witnessed that happening! 
“Of course not,” said Lupin, “but the Death Eaters — frankly, most people! 
“I won’t blast people out of my way just because they’re there,” said Harry. 
“That’s Voldemort’s job.” Lupin’s retort was lost: Finally succeeding in squeezing through the door, Hagrid staggered to a chair and sat down; a chair collapsed beneath him. 
Ignoring his mingled oaths and apologies, Harry addressed Lupin again. 
“Will George be okay?” All Lupin’s frustration with Harry seemed to drain away at the question. 
“I think so, although there’s no chance of replacing his ear, not when it’s been cursed off — ” There was a scuffling from outside. 
Lupin dived for the back door; Harry leapt over Hagrid’s legs and sprinted into the yard. 
Two figures had appeared in the yard, and as Harry ran toward Two figures he realized Two figures were Hermione, now returning to Hermione's normal appearance, and Kingsley, both clutching a bent coat hanger. 
Hermione flung Hermione into Harry’s arms, but Kingsley showed no pleasure at the sight of any of them. 
Over Hermione ’s shoulder Harry saw him raise him's wand and point it at Lupin’s chest. 
“The last words Albus Dumbledore spoke to the pair of us?” “ ‘Harry is the best hope we have. 
Kingsley turned Kingsley's wand on Harry, but Lupin said, “It’s Kingsley, I’ve checked!” “All right, all right!” said Kingsley, stowing his wand back beneath his cloak. 
“But somebody betrayed us! 
“Who else is back?” “Only Harry, Hagrid, George, and me.” Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling Hermione stifled a little moan behind her hand. 
“What happened to you?” Lupin asked Kingsley. 
“Followed by five, injured two, might’ve killed one,” Kingsley reeled off, “and we saw Voldemort as well, Voldemort joined the chase halfway through but vanished pretty quickly. 
“I saw Voldemort too, Voldemort came after Hagrid and me.” “So that’s why he left, to follow you!” said Kingsley. 
“I couldn’t understand why he’d vanished. 
“Stan?” repeated Hermione. 
“But I thought he was in Azkaban?” Kingsley let out a mirthless laugh. 
“Hermione, there’s obviously been a mass breakout which the Ministry has hushed up. 
“Lost an — ?” repeated Hermione in a high voice. 
“Snape’s work,” said Lupin. 
“ Snape ?” shouted Harry. 
“You didn’t say — ” “He lost He's hood during the chase. 
There was no sign of movement; the stars stared back, unblinking, indifferent, unobscured by flying friends. 
Where was Ron? 
Where were Fred and Arthur? 
Where were Bill, Fleur, Tonks, Mad-Eye, and Mundungus? 
“Harry, give us a hand!” called Hagrid hoarsely from the door, in which Harry was stuck again. 
Glad of something to do, Harry pulled Harry free, then headed through the empty kitchen and back into the sitting room, where Molly and Ginny were still tending to George. 
Molly had staunched his bleeding now, and by the lamplight Harry saw a clean, gaping hole where George’s ear had been. 
“How is he?” Molly looked around and said, “I can’t make it grow back, not when it’s been removed by Dark Magic. 
“Thank God.” “Did I hear someone else in the yard?” Ginny asked. 
“Hermione and Kingsley,” said Harry. 
“Thank goodness,” Ginny whispered. 
They looked at each other; Harry wanted to hug her, hold on to her; Harry did not even care much that Molly was there, but before Harry could act on the impulse there was a great crash from the kitchen. 
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling “I’ll prove who I am, Kingsley, after I’ve seen my son, now back off if you know what’s good for you!” Harry had never heard Arthur shout like that before. 
Harry burst into the living room, Harry's bald patch gleaming with sweat, Harry's spectacles askew, Fred right behind Fred, both pale but uninjured. 
“Arthur!” sobbed Molly. 
“Oh thank goodness!” “How is he?” Arthur dropped to Arthur's knees beside George. 
For the first time since Harry had known him, Fred seemed to be lost for words. 
Fred gaped over the back of the sofa at Fred's twin’s wound as if Fred could not believe what Fred was seeing. 
Perhaps roused by the sound of Fred and their father’s arrival, George stirred. 
“How do you feel, Georgie?” whispered Molly. 
George’s fingers groped for the side of George’s's head. 
“Saintlike,” he murmured. 
“What’s wrong with him?” croaked Fred, looking terrified. 
“Is his mind affected?” “Saintlike,” repeated George, opening George's eyes and looking up at George's brother. 
“You see I’m holy. 
Color flooded Fred’s pale face. 
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling “Pathetic,” he told George. 
“Pathetic! 
“You’ll be able to tell us apart now, anyway, Mum.” He looked around. 
“Hi, Harry — you are Harry, right?” “Yeah, I am,” said Harry, moving closer to the sofa. 
“Well, at least we got you back okay,” said George. 
“Why aren’t Ron and Bill huddled round my sickbed?” “They’re not back yet, George,” said Molly. 
George’s grin faded. 
Harry glanced at Ginny and motioned to her to accompany him back outside. 
As they walked through the kitchen her said in a low voice, “Ron and Tonks should be back by now. 
Ron and Tonks had been trying to keep fear at bay ever since reaching the Burrow, but now it enveloped Ron and Tonks, seeming to crawl over Ron and Tonks's skin, throbbing in Ron and Tonks's chest, clogging Ron and Tonks's throat. 
As they walked down the back steps into the dark yard, Ginny took his hand. 
Kingsley was striding backward and forward, glancing up at the sky every time Kingsley turned. 
Harry was reminded of Uncle Vernon pacing the living room a million years ago. 
Hagrid, Hermione, and Lupin stood shoulder to shoulder, gazing upward in silence. 
None Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling of them looked around when Harry and Ginny joined Harry and Ginny's silent vigil. 
The minutes stretched into what might as well have been years. 
The slightest breath of wind made them all jump and turn toward the whispering bush or tree in the hope that one of the missing Order members might leap unscathed from its leaves — And then a broom materialized directly above them and streaked toward the ground — “It’s them!” screamed Hermione. 
Tonks landed in a long skid that sent earth and pebbles everywhere. 
“Remus!” Tonks cried as she staggered off the broom into Lupin’s arms. 
His face was set and white: His seemed unable to speak. 
Ron tripped dazedly toward Harry and Hermione. 
“You’re okay,” he mumbled, before Hermione flew at him and hugged him tightly. 
“I thought — I thought — ” “ ’M all right,” said Ron, patting her on the back. 
“ ’M fine.” “Ron was great,” said Tonks warmly, relinquishing her hold on Lupin. 
“Wonderful. 
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling “Always the tone of surprise,” he said a little grumpily, breaking free. 
“Are we the last back?” “No,” said Ginny, “we’re still waiting for Bill and Fleur and Mad-Eye and Mundungus. 
“So what kept you? 
“Bellatrix,” said Tonks. 
“She wants me quite as much as She wants Harry, Remus, She tried very hard to kill me. 
He nodded, but seemed unable to say anything else. 
“So what happened to you lot?” Tonks asked, turning to Harry, Hermione, and Kingsley. 
They recounted the stories of They's own journeys, but all the time the continued absence of Bill, Fleur, Mad- Eye, and Mundungus seemed to lie upon them like a frost, its icy bite harder and harder to ignore. 
“I’m going to have to get back to Downing Street, I should have been there an hour ago,” said Kingsley finally, after a last sweeping gaze at the sky. 
“Let me know when they’re back.” Lupin nodded. 
With a wave to the others, Kingsley walked away into the darkness toward the gate. 
Harry thought Harry heard the faintest pop as Kingsley Disapparated just beyond the Burrow’s boundaries. 
Mister and Molly came racing down the back steps, Ginny behind them. 
Both parents hugged Ron before turning to Lupin and Tonks. 
“Thank you,” said Molly, “for our sons.” “Don’t be silly, Molly,” said Tonks at once. 
“How’s George?” asked Lupin. 
“What’s wrong with him?” piped up Ron. 
“He’s lost — ” But the end of Molly ’s sentence was drowned in a general outcry: A thestral had just soared into sight and landed a few feet from them. 
Bill and Fleur slid from its back, windswept but unhurt. 
“Bill! 
Looking directly at his father, his said, “Mad-Eye’s dead.” Nobody spoke, nobody moved. 
Harry felt as though something inside Harry was falling, falling through the earth, leaving Harry forever. 
“We saw it,” said Bill; Fleur nodded, tear tracks glittering on Fleur's cheeks in the light from the kitchen window. 
“It happened just after we broke out of the circle: Mad-Eye and Dung were close by we, Mad-Eye and Dung were heading north too. 
“Of course you couldn’t have done anything,” said Lupin. 
They all stood looking at each other. 
Harry could not quite comprehend it. 
Mad-Eye dead; it could not be. 
Mad-Eye, so tough, so brave, the consummate survivor At last it seemed to dawn on everyone, though nobody said it, that there was no point waiting in the yard anymore, and in silence they followed Mister and Mistress Weasley back into the Burrow, and into the living room, where Fred and George were laughing together. 
“What’s wrong?” said Fred, scanning their faces as their entered. 
“What’s happened? 
“Dead.” The twins’ grins turned to grimaces of shock. 
Nobody seemed to know what to do. 
Tonks was crying silently into a handkerchief: Tonks had been close to Mad-Eye, Harry knew, Harry's favorite and Harry's protegee at the Ministry of Magic. 
Hagrid, who had sat down on the floor in the corner where he had most space, was dabbing at his eyes with his tablecloth-sized handkerchief. 
Bill walked over to the sideboard and pulled out a bottle of fire-whisky and some glasses. 
“Here,” he said, and with a wave of his wand he sent twelve full glasses soaring through the room to each of them, holding the thirteenth aloft. 
“Mad-Eye.” “Mad-Eye,” they all said, and drank. 
“Mad-Eye,” echoed Hagrid, a little late, with a hiccup. 
The firewhisky seared Harry’s throat. 
It seemed to burn feeling back into him, dispelling the numbness and sense of unreality, firing him with something that was like courage. 
“So Mundungus disappeared?” said Lupin, who had drained his own glass in one. 
The atmosphere changed at once. 
Everybody looked tense, watching Lupin, both wanting him to go on, it seemed to Harry, and slightly afraid of what they might hear. 
“I know what you’re thinking,” said Bill, “and I wondered that too, on the way back here, because they seemed to be expecting us, didn’t they? 
“Mad-Eye said he’d expect the real Harry to be with the toughest, most skilled Aurors. 
Nobody did. 
The only sound to break the silence was that of Hagrid hiccuping from behind his handkerchief. 
Harry glanced at Hagrid, who had just risked his own life to save Harry’s — Hagrid, whom he loved, whom he trusted, who had once been tricked into giving Voldemort crucial information in exchange for a dragon’s egg. 
“No,” Harry said aloud, and they all looked at Harry, surprised: The firewhisky seemed to have amplified his voice. 
“I mean if somebody made a mistake,” Harry went on, “and let something slip, I know they didn’t mean to do it. 
“We’ve got to trust each other. 
They were all looking at him; Harry felt a little hot again, and drank some more firewhisky for something to do. 
As he drank, he thought of Mad-Eye. 
Mad-Eye had always been scathing about Dumbledore’s willingness to trust people. 
“Well said, Harry,” said Fred unexpectedly. 
“Yeah, ’ear, ’ear,” said George, with half a glance at Fred, the corner of whose mouth twitched. 
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling Lupin was wearing an odd expression as he looked at Harry. 
It was close to pitying. 
“You think I’m a fool?” demanded Harry. 
“No, I think you’re like James,” said Lupin, “who would have regarded it as the height of dishonor to mistrust his friends.” Harry knew what Lupin was getting at: that Harry's father had been betrayed by his father's friend, Peter Pettigrew. 
Harry felt irrationally angry. 
Harry wanted to argue, but Lupin had turned away from Harry, set down Harry's glass upon a side table, and addressed Bill, “There’s work to do. 
“Mad-Eye’s body,” said Lupin. 
“We need to recover it.” “Can’t it — ?” began Molly with an appealing look at Bill. 
“Wait?” said Bill. 
“Not unless you’d rather the Death Eaters took it?” Nobody spoke. 
Lupin and Bill said good-bye and left. 
The rest of them now dropped into chairs, all except for Harry, who remained standing. 
The suddenness and completeness of death was with them like a presence. 
“I’ve got to go too,” said Harry. 
Ten pairs of startled eyes looked at Harry. 
“Don’t be silly, Harry,” said Molly. 
“What are you talking about?” “I can’t stay here.” He rubbed He's forehead; it was prickling again, it had not hurt like this for more than a year. 
“You’re all in danger while I’m here. 
“The whole point of tonight was to get you here safely, and thank goodness it worked. 
“If Voldemort finds out I’m here — ” “But why should he?” asked Molly. 
“There are a dozen places you might be now, Harry,” said Arthur. 
“Arthur’s got no way of knowing which safe house you’re in.” “It’s not me I’m worried for!” said Harry. 
“We know that,” said Arthur quietly, “but it would make our efforts tonight seem rather pointless if you left.” “Yer not goin’ anywhere,” growled Hagrid. 
“Blimey, Harry, after all we wen’ through ter get you here?” “Yeah, what about my bleeding ear?” said George, hoisting George up on George's cushions. 
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling “I know that — ” “Mad-Eye wouldn’t want — ” “I KNOW!” Harry bellowed. 
Harry felt beleaguered and blackmailed: Did they think Harry did not know what they had done for Harry, didn’t they understand that it was for precisely that reason that He wanted to go now, before they had to suffer any more on He's behalf? 
There was a long and awkward silence in which his scar continued to prickle and throb, and which was broken at last by Molly. 
“Where’s Hedwig, Harry?” she said coaxingly. 
“We can put her up with Pigwidgeon and give her something to eat.” His insides clenched like a fist. 
His could not tell her the truth. 
His drank the last of His's firewhisky to avoid answering. 
“Wait till it gets out yeh did it again, Harry,” said Hagrid. 
“Escaped him, fought him off when him was right on top of yeh!” “It wasn’t me,” said Harry flatly. 
“It was my wand. 
“The bike was falling, I couldn’t have told you where Voldemort was, but my wand spun in my hand and found Voldemort and shot a spell at Voldemort, and it wasn’t even a spell I recognized. 
His scar was burning: His felt angry and frustrated; His hated the idea that they were all imagining His to have power to match Voldemort’s. 
No one said anything. 
He knew that they did not believe him. 
Now that He came to think of it, He had never heard of a wand performing magic on its own before. 
He scar seared with pain; it was all He could do not to moan aloud. 
Muttering about fresh air, He set down He's glass and left the room. 
As He crossed the dark yard, the great skeletal thestral looked up, rustled its enormous batlike wings, then resumed its grazing. 
Harry stopped at the gate into the garden, staring out at the gate overgrown plants, rubbing Harry's pounding forehead and thinking of Dumbledore. 
Dumbledore would have believed Dumbledore, Dumbledore knew it. 
Dumbledore would have known how and why Harry’s wand had acted independently, because Dumbledore always had the answers; Harry had known about wands, had explained to Harry the strange connection that existed between Harry's wand and Voldemort’s. 
But Dumbledore, like Mad-Eye, like Sirius, like Dumbledore's parents, like Dumbledore's poor owl, all were gone where Harry could never talk to them again. 
Harry felt a burning in Harry's throat that had nothing to do with firewhisky Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling And then, out of nowhere, the pain in Harry's scar peaked. 
As he clutched his forehead and closed his eyes, a voice screamed inside his head. 
“ You told me the problem would be solved by using another’s wand\” And into his mind burst the vision of an emaciated old man lying in rags upon a stone floor, screaming, a horrible, drawn-out scream, a scream of unendurable agony. 
“No! 
It was several moments before he realized that Ron and Hermione were at his side. 
“Harry, come back in the house,” Hermione whispered. 
“You aren’t still thinking of leaving?” “Yeah, you’ve got to stay, mate,” said Ron, thumping Harry on the back. 
“Are you all right?” Hermione asked, close enough now to look into Harry’s face. 
“You look awful!” “Well,” said Harry shakily, “I probably look better than Ollivander. 
“But it was supposed to have stopped! 
“Harry, Harry’s taking over the Ministry and the newspapers and half the Wizarding world! 
Harry felt that nothing but action would assuage Harry's feelings of guilt and grief and that he ought to set out on his mission to find and destroy Horcruxes as soon as possible. 
“Well, you can’t do anything about the” — Ron mouthed the word Horcruxes — “till you’re seventeen. 
“I think Hermione’s been doing a bit of research,” said Ron. 
“She said She was saving it for when you got here.” Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows - J.K. Rowling They were sitting at the breakfast table; Arthur and Bill had just left for work. 
Molly had gone upstairs to wake Hermione and Ginny, while Fleur had drifted off to take a bath. 
“The Trace’ll break on the thirty- first,” said Harry. 
“That means I only need to stay here four days. 
“We’ve got to stay for the wedding. 
“It’s one extra day,” said Ron, when Harry looked mutinous. 
“Don’t they realize how important — ?” “ ’Course they don’t,” said Ron. 
“they haven’t got a clue. 
“Mum’s been trying to get it out of Hermione and me. 
Shortly before lunch, Molly detached Harry from the others by asking Harry to help identify a lone man’s sock that she thought might have come out of Harry's rucksack. 
Once she had Harry cornered in the tiny scullery off the kitchen, she started. 
“Ron and Hermione seem to think that the three of you are dropping out of Hogwarts,” she began in a light, casual tone. 
“Oh,” said Harry. 
“Well, yeah. 
“May I ask why you are abandoning your education?” said Molly. 
“Well, Dumbledore left me stuff to do,” mumbled Harry. 
“Ron and Hermione know about it, and they want to come too.” “What sort of ‘stuff’?” “I’m sorry, I can’t — ” “Well, frankly, I think Arthur and I have a right to know, and I’m sure Mister and Mistress Granger would agree!” said Molly. 
Harry had been afraid of the “concerned parent” attack. 
Harry forced Harry to look directly into her eyes, noticing as Harry did so that they were precisely the same shade of brown as Ginny’s. 
This did not help. 
“Dumbledore didn’t want anyone else to know, Mistress Weasley. 
“You’re barely of age, any of you! 
“It’s got to be me.” He handed her back the single sock He was supposed to be identifying, which was patterned with golden bulrushes. 
“And that’s not mine, I don’t support Puddlemere United.” “Oh, of course not,” said Molly with a sudden and rather unnerving return to Molly's casual tone. 
“I should have realized. 
“Sweet of you,” she replied, and she smiled as she left the scullery. 
From that moment on, Molly kept Harry, Ron, and Hermione so busy with preparations for the wedding that they hardly had any time to think. 
The kindest explanation of this behavior would have been that Molly wanted to distract them all from thoughts of Mad-Eye and the terrors of their recent journey. 
After two days of nonstop cutlery cleaning, of color-matching favors, ribbons, and flowers, of de- gnoming the garden and helping Molly cook vast batches of canapes, however, Harry started to suspect her of a different motive. 
All the jobs her handed out seemed to keep Harry, Ron, and Hermione away from one another; Harry had not had a chance to speak to the two of them alone since the first night, when Harry had told them about Voldemort torturing Ollivander. 
“I think Mum thinks that if Mum can stop the three of you getting together and planning, Mum’ll be able to delay you leaving,” Ginny told Harry in an undertone, as they laid the table for dinner on the third night of Harry's stay. 
“And then what does she think’s going to happen?” Harry muttered. 
“Someone else might kill off Voldemort while she’s holding us here making vol-au- vents?” Voldemort had spoken without thinking, and saw Ginny’s face whiten. 
“So it’s true?” she said. 
“That’s what you’re trying to do?” “I — not — I was joking,” said Harry evasively. 
They stared at each other, and there was something more than shock in Ginny’s expression. 
Suddenly Harry became aware that this was the first time that Harry had been alone with her since those stolen hours in secluded corners of the Hogwarts grounds. 
He was sure her was remembering them too. 
Both of them jumped as the door opened, and Arthur, Kingsley, and Bill walked in. 
Kingsley, and Bill were often joined by other Order members for dinner now, because the Burrow had replaced number twelve, Grimmauld Place as the headquarters. 
Arthur had explained that after the death of Dumbledore, their Secret-Keeper, each of the people to whom Dumbledore had confided Grimmauld Place’s location had become a Secret- Keeper in turn. 
“And as there are around twenty of us, that greatly dilutes the power of the Fidelius Charm. 
“Well, Mad-Eye set up a couple of curses against Snape in case Snape turns up there again. 
Harry found Harry crammed beside Ginny; the unsaid things that had just passed between them made Harry wish them had been separated by a few more people. 
Harry was trying so hard to avoid brushing her arm Harry could barely cut Harry's chicken. 
“No news about Mad-Eye?” Harry asked Bill. 
“Nothing,” replied Bill. 
They had not been able to hold a funeral for Moody, because Bill and Lupin had failed to recover his body. 
It had been difficult to know where his might have fallen, given the darkness and the confusion of the battle. 
“The Daily Prophet hasn’t said a word about The Daily Prophet dying or about finding the body,” Bill went on. 
“But that doesn’t mean much. 
“Because they know I had no choice or because they don’t want me to tell the world Voldemort attacked me?” “The latter, I think. 
“Isn’t anyone at the Ministry prepared to stand up to him?” asked Ron angrily. 
“Of course, Ron, but people are terrified,” Arthur replied, “terrified that people will be next to disappear, people's children the next to be attacked! 
“We must decide ’ow you will be disguised, ’Arry,” said Fleur, once everyone had pudding. 
“For ze wedding,” she added, when he looked confused. 
“Of course, none of our guests are Death Eaters, but we cannot guarantee zat zey will not let something slip after zey ’ave ’ad champagne.” From this, Harry gathered that she still suspected Hagrid. 
“Yes, good point,” said Molly from the top of the table, where Molly sat, spectacles perched on the end of Molly's nose, scanning an immense list of jobs that Molly had scribbled on a very long piece of parchment. 
“Now, Ron, have you cleaned out your room yet?” “ Why?” exclaimed Ron, slamming his spoon down and glaring at his mother. 
“Why does my room have to be cleaned out? 
“No! 
“And do as you’re told.” Ron scowled at both his parents, then picked up his spoon and attacked the last few mouthfuls of his apple tart. 
“I can help, some of it’s my mess,” Harry told Ron, but Molly cut across him. 
“No, Harry, dear, I’d much rather you helped Arthur muck out the chickens, and Hermione, I’d be ever so grateful if you’d change the sheets for Monsieur and Madame Delacour; you know they’re arriving at eleven tomorrow morning.” But as it turned out, there was very little to do for the chickens. 
“There’s no need to, er, mention it to Molly,” Arthur told Harry, blocking Arthur's access to the coop, “but, er, Ted Tonks sent me most of what was left of Sirius’s bike and, er, I’m hiding — that’s to say, keeping — it in here. 
“I’m doing it, I’m doing — ! 
Ron lay back down on the bed, which he had evidently just vacated. 
The room was just as messy as The room had been all week; the only change was that Hermione was now sitting in the far corner, Hermione's fluffy ginger cat, Crookshanks, at Hermione's feet, sorting books, some of which Harry recognized as Harry's own, into two enormous piles. 
“Hi, Harry,” she said, as he sat down on his camp bed. 
“And how did you manage to get away?” “Oh, Ron’s mum forgot that she asked Ginny and me to change the sheets yesterday,” said Hermione. 
Hermione threw Numerology and Grammatica onto one pile and The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts onto the other. 
“We were just talking about Mad-Eye,” Ron told Harry. 
“I reckon he might have survived.” “But Bill saw Bill hit by the Killing Curse,” said Harry. 
“Yeah, but Bill was under attack too,” said Ron. 
“How can Bill be sure what Bill saw?” “Even if the Killing Curse missed, Mad-Eye still fell about a thousand feet,” said Hermione, now weighing Quidditch Teams of Britain and Ireland in her hand. 
“He could have used a Shield Charm — ” “Fleur said “Fleur's wand was blasted out of his hand,” said Harry. 
“Well, all right, if you want him to be dead,” said Ron grumpily, punching him's pillow into a more comfortable shape. 
“Of course we don’t want him to be dead!” said Hermione, looking shocked. 
“It’s dreadful that he’s dead! 
he felt a stab of revulsion mixed with a bizarre desire to laugh. 
“The Death Eaters probably tidied up after themselves, that’s why no one’s found him,” said Ron wisely. 
“Yeah,” said Harry. 
“Like Barty Crouch, turned into a bone and buried in Hagrid’s front garden. 
Startled, Harry looked over just in time to see her burst into tears over her copy of Spellman’s Syllabary. 
“Oh no,” said Harry, struggling to get up from the old camp bed. 
“Hermione, I wasn’t trying to upset — ” But with a great creaking of rusty bedsprings, Ron bounded off the bed and got there first. 
One arm around Hermione, he fished in his jeans pocket and withdrew a revolting-looking handkerchief that he had used to clean out the oven earlier. 
Hastily pulling out his wand, his pointed it at the rag and said, “ Tergeo .” wand siphoned off most of the grease. 
Looking rather pleased with himself, Ron handed the slightly smoking handkerchief to Hermione. 
“Oh thanks, Ron. 
“It’s just so awf-ful, isn’t it? 
“But you know what he’d say to us if he was here?” “ ‘C-constant vigilance,’ ” said Hermione, mopping Hermione's eyes. 
“That’s right,” said Ron, nodding. 
“He’d tell us to learn from what happened to him. 
A second later, Ron had snatched his arm back from around her shoulders; her had dropped The Monster Book of Monsters on his foot. 
The Monster Book of Monsters had broken free from The book restraining belt and snapped viciously at Ron’s ankle. 
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry!” Hermione cried as Harry wrenched the book from Ron’s leg and retied it shut. 
“What are you doing with all those books anyway?” Ron asked, limping back to his bed. 
“Just trying to decide which ones to take with us,” said Hermione. 
“When we’re looking for the Horcruxes.” “Oh, of course,” said Ron, clapping a hand to his forehead. 
“I forgot we’ll be hunting down Voldemort in a mobile library.” “Ha ha,” said Hermione, looking down at Spellman’s Syllabary. 
“I wonder will we need to translate runes? 
“Listen,” said Harry. 
He had sat up straight. 
Ron and Hermione looked at He with similar mixtures of resignation and defiance. 
“I know you said after Dumbledore’s funeral that you wanted to come with me,” Harry began. 
“Here he goes,” Ron said to Hermione, rolling his eyes. 
“As we knew he would,” she sighed, turning back to the books. 
“You know, I think I will take Hogwarts, A History. 
“No, Harry, you listen,” said Hermione. 
“We’re coming with you. 
“ — are you sure you’ve thought this through?” Harry persisted. 
“Let’s see,” said Hermione, slamming Travels with Trolls onto the discarded pile with a rather fierce look. 
“I’ve been packing for days, so we’re ready to leave at a moment’s notice, which for your information has included doing some pretty difficult magic, not to mention smuggling Mad-Eye’s whole stock of Polyjuice Potion right under Ron’s mum’s nose. 
Ron got back off the bed, put his arm around her once more, and frowned at Harry as though reproaching Harry for lack of tact. 
Harry could not think of anything to say, not least because it was highly unusual for Ron to be teaching anyone else tact. 
“I — Hermione, I’m sorry — I didn’t — ” “Didn’t realize that Ron and I know perfectly well what might happen if we come with you? 
“Go on, he needs to know!” “Oh, all right. 
“C’mon.” “Why?” Harry asked, following Ron out of the room onto the tiny landing. 
“ Descendo,” muttered Ron, pointing his wand at the low ceiling. 
A hatch opened right over their heads and a ladder slid down to their feet. 
A horrible, half- sucking, half-moaning sound came out of the square hole, along with an unpleasant smell like open drains. 
“That’s your ghoul, isn’t it?” asked Harry, who had never actually met the creature that sometimes disrupted the nightly silence. 
“Yeah, it is,” said Ron, climbing the ladder. 
“Come and have a look at him.” Harry followed Ron up the few short steps into the tiny attic space. 
Harry head and shoulders were in the room before Harry caught sight of the creature curled up a few feet from Harry, fast asleep in the gloom with its large mouth wide open. 
“But it it looks do ghouls normally wear pajamas?” “No,” said Ron. 
“Nor have they usually got red hair or that number of pustules.” Harry contemplated the thing, slightly revolted. 
It was human in shape and size, and was wearing what, now that Harry’s eyes became used to the darkness, was clearly an old pair of Ron’s pajamas. 
Harry was also sure that ghouls were generally rather slimy and bald, rather than distinctly hairy and covered in angry purple blisters. 
“Harry’s me, see?” said Ron. 
“No,” said Harry. 
“I don’t.” “I’ll explain it back in my room, the smell’s getting to me,” said Ron. 
They climbed back down the ladder, which Ron returned to the ceiling, and rejoined Hermione, who was still sorting books. 
“Once we’ve left, the ghoul’s going to come and live down here in my room,” said Ron. 
“I think he’s really looking forward to it — well, it’s hard to tell, because all he can do is moan and drool — but he nods a lot when you mention it. 
“It is!” said Ron, clearly frustrated that Harry had not grasped the brilliance of the plan. 
“Look, when we three don’t turn up at Hogwarts again, everyone’s going to think Hermione and I must be with you, right? 
“We can’t hide my whole family, it’ll look too fishy and they can’t all leave their jobs,” said Ron. 
“So We’re going to put out the story that I’m seriously ill with spattergroit, which is why I can’t go back to school. 
“Dad is. 
Ron sat watching her, and Harry looked from one to the other, unable to say anything. 
The measures they had taken to protect their families made Harry realize, more than anything else could have done, that they really were going to come with Harry and that they knew exactly how dangerous that would be. 
He wanted to tell them what that meant to Harry, but He simply could not find words important enough. 
Through the silence came the muffled sounds of Mistress Weasley shouting from four floors below. 
“Ginny’s probably left a speck of dust on a poxy napkin ring,” said Ron. 
“I dunno why the Delacours have got to come two days before the wedding.” “Fleur’s sister’s a bridesmaid, she needs to be here for the rehearsal, and she’s too young to come on shis own,” said Hermione, as Hermione pored indecisively over Break with a Banshee. 
“Well, guests aren’t going to help Mum’s stress levels,” said Ron. 
“What we really need to decide,” said Hermione, tossing Defensive Magical Theory into the bin without a second glance and picking up An Appraisal of Magical Education in Europe, “is where we’re going after we leave here. 
His parents’ graves were only part of the attraction: His had a strong, though inexplicable, feeling that the place held answers for His. 
Perhaps it was simply because it was there that he had survived Voldemort’s Killing Curse; now that he was facing the challenge of repeating the feat, Harry was drawn to the place where it had happened, wanting to understand. 
“Don’t you think there’s a possibility that Voldemort’s keeping a watch on Godric’s Hollow?” Hermione asked. 
“He might expect you to go back and visit your parents’ graves once you’re free to go wherever you like?” This had not occurred to Harry. 
While he struggled to find a counterargument, Ron spoke up, evidently following his own train of thought. 
“This R.A.B. 
“You know, the one who stole the real locket?” Hermione nodded. 
“He said in He's note he was going to destroy it, didn’t he?” Harry dragged Harry's rucksack toward Harry and pulled out the fake Horcrux in which R.A.B. 
’s note was still folded. 
“ ‘ I have stolen the real Horcrux and intend to destroy the real Horcrux as soon as I can,’ ” Harry read out. 
“Well, what if he did finish it off?” said Ron. 
“Or she,” interposed Hermione. 
“Whichever,” said Ron, “it’d be one less for us to do!” “Yes, but we’re still going to have to try and trace the real locket, aren’t we?” said Hermione, “to find out whether or not it’s destroyed.” “And once we get hold of it, how do you destroy a Horcrux?” asked Ron. 
“Well,” said Hermione, “I’ve been researching that.” “How?” asked Harry. 
“I didn’t think there were any books on Horcruxes in the library?” “There weren’t,” said Hermione, who had turned pink. 
“Dumbledore removed them all, but Dumbledore didn’t destroy them all.” Ron sat up straight, wide-eyed. 
“How in the name of Merlin’s pants have you managed to get your hands on those Horcrux books?” “It — it wasn’t stealing!” said Hermione, looking from Harry to Ron with a kind of desperation. 
“They were still library books, even if Dumbledore had taken They off the shelves. 
“Well it was easy,” said Hermione in a small voice. 
“I just did a Summoning Charm. 
“Just after his — Dumbledore’s — funeral,” said Hermione in an even smaller voice. 
“Right after we agreed we’d leave school and go and look for the Horcruxes. 
“Where are these books anyway?” Hermione rummaged for a moment and then extracted from the pile a large volume, bound in faded black leather. 
Hermione looked a little nauseated and held it as gingerly as if it were something recently dead. 
“This is the one that gives explicit instructions on how to make a Horcrux. 
“He only approached Slughorn to find out what would happen if you split your soul into seven,” said Harry. 
“Dumbledore was sure Riddle already knew how to make a Horcrux by the time he asked Slughorn about them. 
“Yes,” said Hermione with a hollow smile, “but it would be excruciatingly painful.” “Why? 
“Remorse,” said Hermione. 
“You’ve got to really feel what you’ve done. 
“So does it say how to destroy Horcruxes in that book?” “Yes,” said Hermione, now turning the fragile pages as if examining rotting entrails, “because it warns Dark wizards how strong they have to make the enchantments on them. 
“Oh well, lucky we’ve got such a large supply of basilisk fangs, then,” said Ron. 
“I was wondering what we were going to do with them.” “It doesn’t have to be a basilisk fang,” said Hermione patiently. 
“It has to be something so destructive that the Horcrux can’t repair the Horcrux. 
“Exactly,” said Hermione. 
“Our problem is that there are very few substances as destructive as basilisk venom, and they’re all dangerous to carry around with you. 
Harry laughed. 
“It should be, actually! 
“But it’s the other way round with a Horcrux. 
“And once the diary was properly destroyed, the bit of soul trapped in the diary could no longer exist. 
“The bit of soul in the diary was possessing Ginny, wasn’t it? 
“I mean close emotionally. 
“Why didn’t I ask him? 
The silence was shattered as the bedroom door flew open with a wall-shaking crash. 
Hermione shrieked and dropped Secrets of the Darkest Art; Crookshanks streaked under the bed, hissing indignantly; Ron jumped off the bed, skidded on a discarded Chocolate Frog wrapper, and smacked his head on the opposite wall; and Harry instinctively dived for his wand before realizing that his was looking up at Molly, whose hair was disheveled and whose face was contorted with rage. 
“I’m so sorry to break up this cozy little gathering,” she said, shis voice trembling. 
“I’m sure you all need your rest but there are wedding presents stacked in my room that need sorting out and I was under the impression that you had agreed to help.” “Oh yes,” said Hermione, looking terrified as Hermione leapt to Hermione's feet, sending books flying in every direction, “we will we’re sorry ” With an anguished look at Harry and Ron, Hermione hurried out of the room after Molly. 
“It’s like being a house-elf,” complained Ron in an undertone, still massaging his head as his and Harry followed. 
“Except without the job satisfaction. 
The Delacours arrived the following morning at eleven o’clock. 
Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny were feeling quite resentful toward Fleur’s family by this time, and it was with ill grace that Ron stumped back upstairs to put on matching socks, and Harry attempted to flatten Harry's hair. 
Once they had all been deemed smart enough, they trooped out into the sunny backyard to await the visitors. 
Harry had never seen the place looking so tidy. 
The rusty cauldrons and old Wellington boots that usually littered the steps by the back door were gone, replaced by two new Flutterby bushes standing either side of the door in large pots; though there was no breeze, the leaves waved lazily, giving an attractive rippling effect. 
The chickens had been shut away, the yard had been swept, and the nearby garden had been pruned, plucked, and generally spruced up, although Harry, who liked it in it overgrown state, thought that it looked rather forlorn without its usual contingent of capering gnomes. 
He had lost track of how many security enchantments had been placed upon the Burrow by both the Order and the Ministry; all he knew was that it was no longer possible for anybody to travel by magic directly into the place. 
Arthur had therefore gone to meet the Delacours on top of a nearby hill, where they were to arrive by Portkey. 
The first sound of their approach was an unusually high-pitched laugh, which turned out to be coming from Arthur, who appeared at the gate moments later, laden with luggage and leading a beautiful blonde woman in long, leaf-green robes, who could only be Fleur’s mother. 
“Maman!” cried Fleur, rushing forward to embrace Fleur. 
“Papa!” Monsieur Delacour was nowhere near as attractive as Monsieur Delacour's wife; Monsieur Delacour was a head shorter and extremely plump, with a little, pointed black beard. 
However, Monsieur Delacour looked good-natured. 
Bouncing toward Molly on high-heeled boots, Monsieur Delacour kissed Molly's twice on each cheek, leaving Molly] flustered. 
“You ’ave been to much trouble,” he said in a deep voice. 
“Fleur tells us you ’ave been working very ’ard.” “Oh, it’s been nothing, nothing!” trilled Molly. 
“No trouble at all!” Ron relieved his feelings by aiming a kick at a gnome who was peering out from behind one of the new Flutterby bushes. 
“Dear lady!” said Monsieur Delacour, still holding Molly’s hand between his own two plump ones and beaming. 
“We are most honored at the approaching union of We two families! 
“ Enchantee,” she said. 
“Your ’usband ’as been telling us such amusing stories!” Arthur gave a maniacal laugh; Molly threw him a look, upon which him became immediately silent and assumed an expression appropriate to the sickbed of a close friend. 
“And, of course, you ’ave met my leetle daughter, Gabrielle!” said Monsieur Delacour. 
Gabrielle was Fleur in miniature; eleven years old, with waist-length hair of pure, silvery blonde, Gabrielle gave Molly a dazzling smile and hugged Molly, then threw Harry a glowing look, batting Molly's eyelashes. 
Ginny cleared her throat loudly. 
“Well, come in, do!” said Molly brightly, and Molly ushered the Delacours into the house, with many “No, please!”s and “After you!”s and “Not at all!”s. 
the Delacours, it soon transpired, were helpful, pleasant guests. 
They were pleased with everything and keen to assist with the preparations for the wedding. 
Monsieur Delacour pronounced everything from the seating plan to the bridesmaids’ shoes “Charmanti” Madame Delacour was most accomplished at household spells and had the oven properly cleaned in a trice; Gabrielle followed Gabrielle's elder sister around, trying to assist in any way she could and jabbering away in rapid French. 
On the downside, the Burrow was not built to accommodate so many people. 
Mister and Molly were now sleeping in the sitting room, having shouted down Monsieur and Madame Delacour’s protests and insisted they take their bedroom. 
Gabrielle was sleeping with Fleur in Percy’s old room, and Bill would be sharing with Charlie, Bill's best man, once Charlie arrived from Romania. 
Opportunities to make plans together became virtually nonexistent, and it was in desperation that Harry, Ron, and Hermione took to volunteering to feed the chickens just to escape the overcrowded house. 
“But she still won’t leave us alone!” snarled Ron, as their second attempt at a meeting in the yard was foiled by the appearance of Molly carrying a large basket of laundry in Molly's arms. 
“Oh, good, you’ve fed the chickens,” she called as she approached them. 
“We’d better shut them away again before the men arrive tomorrow to put up the tent for the wedding,” she explained, pausing to lean against the henhouse. 
she looked exhausted. 
“Millamant’s Magic Marquees they’re very good, Millamant’s Magic Marquees escorting them. 
“Oh, don’t be silly, dear!” said Molly at once. 
“I didn’t mean — well, your safety’s much more important! 
“Really, Molly, just a normal dinner would be fine. 
“But please don’t go to loads of trouble.” “Not at all, not at all It’s no trouble. 
Harry watched as she waved her wand near the washing line, and the damp clothes rose into the air to hang themselves up, and suddenly he felt a great wave of remorse for the inconvenience and the pain he was giving her. 
he was walking along a mountain road in the cool blue light of dawn. 
Far below, swathed in mist, was the shadow of a small town. 
Was the man he sought down there, the man he needed so badly the man he needed could think of little else, the man who held the answer, the answer to his problem ? 
“Oi, wake up.” Harry opened Harry's eyes. 
He was lying again on the camp bed in Ron’s dingy attic room. 
The sun had not yet risen and the room was still shadowy. 
Pigwidgeon was asleep with his head under his tiny wing. 
The scar on Harry’s forehead was prickling. 
“You were muttering in your sleep.” “Was I?” “Yeah. 
He had a vague idea He had heard the name before, but He could not think where. 
“I think Voldemort’s looking for Voldemort.” “Poor bloke,” said Ron fervently. 
Harry sat up, still rubbing Harry's scar, now wide awake. 
Harry tried to remember exactly what Harry had seen in the dream, but all that came back was a mountainous horizon and the outline of the little village cradled in a deep valley. 
“I think Harry’s abroad.” “Who, Gregorovitch?” “Voldemort. 
“Do me a favor and don’t tell Hermione,” said Harry. 
“Although how she expects me to stop seeing stuff in my sleep ” He gazed up at little Pigwidgeon’s cage, thinking Why was the name “Gregorovitch” familiar? 
“I think,” He said slowly, “He’s got something to do with Quidditch. 
“Sure you’re not thinking of Gorgovitch?” “Who?” “Dragomir Gorgovitch, Chaser, transferred to the Chudley Cannons for a record fee two years ago. 
“I’m definitely not thinking of Gorgovitch.” “I try not to either,” said Ron. 
“Well, happy birthday anyway.” “Wow — that’s right, I forgot! 
“Slick,” snorted Ron. 
Reveling in the removal of his Trace, Harry sent Ron’s possessions flying around the room, causing Pigwidgeon to wake up and flutter excitedly around his cage. 
Harry also tried tying the laces of Harry's trainers by magic (the resultant knot took several minutes to untie by hand) and, purely for the pleasure of it, turned the orange robes on Ron’s Chudley Cannons posters bright blue. 
“I’d do your fly by hand, though,” Ron advised Harry, sniggering when Harry immediately checked it. 
“Here’s your present. 
“Bit of a departure from tradition, isn’t it?” “This isn’t your average book,” said Ron. 
“It’s pure gold: Twelve Fail-Safe Ways to Charm Witches. 
Bill and Monsieur Delacour were finishing Bill and Monsieur Delacour's breakfasts, while Mistress Weasley stood chatting to them over the frying pan. 
“Arthur told me to wish you a happy seventeenth, Harry,” said Molly, beaming at him. 
“him had to leave early for work, but hell be back for dinner. 
Inside was a watch very like the one Mister and Molly had given Ron for his seventeenth; it was gold, with stars circling around the face instead of hands. 
“It’s traditional to give a wizard a watch when he comes of age,” said Molly, watching he anxiously from beside the cooker. 
“I’m afraid that one isn’t new like Ron’s, it was actually my brother Fabian’s and he wasn’t terribly careful with his possessions, it’s a bit dented on the back, but — ” The rest of her speech was lost; Harry had got up and hugged her. 
Harry tried to put a lot of unsaid things into the hug and perhaps she understood them, because she patted Harry's cheek clumsily when Harry released her, then waved her wand in a slightly random way, causing half a pack of bacon to flop out of the frying pan onto the floor. 
“Happy birthday, Harry!” said Hermione, hurrying into the kitchen and adding Hermione's own present to the top of the pile. 
“It’s not much, but I hope you like it. 
“Come on, then, open Hermione’s!” said Ron. 
She had bought him a new Sneakoscope. 
The other packages contained an enchanted razor from Bill and Fleur (“Ah yes, zis will give you ze smoothest shave you will ever ’ave,” Monsieur Delacour assured him, “but you must tell it clearly what you want ozzerwise you might find you ’ave a leetle less hair zan you would like. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione did not linger at the table, as the arrival of Madame Delacour, Fleur, and Gabrielle made the kitchen uncomfortably crowded. 
“I’ll pack these for you,” Hermione said brightly, taking Harry’s presents out of Harry's arms as the three of them headed back upstairs. 
“I’m nearly done, I’m just waiting for the rest of your underpants to come out of the wash, Ron — ” Ron’s splutter was interrupted by the opening of a door on the first-floor landing. 
“Harry, will you come in here a moment?” It was Ginny. 
Ron came to an abrupt halt, but Hermione took him by the elbow and tugged him on up the stairs. 
Feeling nervous, Harry followed Ginny into her room. 
Harry had never been inside's room before. 
It was small, but bright. 
There was a large poster of the Wizarding band the Weird Sisters on one wall, and a picture of Gwenog Jones, Captain of the all-witch Quidditch team the Holyhead Harpies, on the other. 
A desk stood facing the open window, which looked out over the orchard where he and Ginny had once played two-a-side Quidditch with Ron and Hermione, and which now housed a large, pearly white marquee. 
The golden flag on top was level with Ginny’s window. 
Ginny looked up into Harry’s face, took a deep breath, and said, “Happy seventeenth.” “Yeah thanks.” Ginny was looking at Harry steadily; Harry, however, found it difficult to look back at Ginny; it was like gazing into a brilliant light. 
“Nice view,” he said feebly, pointing toward the window. 
She ignored this. 
He could not blame She. 
“I couldn’t think what to get you,” She said. 
“You didn’t have to get me anything.” She disregarded this too. 
“I didn’t know what would be useful. 
She was not tearful; that was one of the many wonderful things about Ginny, She was rarely weepy. 
He had sometimes thought that having six brothers must have toughened Shis up. 
She took a step closer to He. 
“So then I thought, I’d like you to have something to remember me by, you know, if you meet some veela when you’re off doing whatever you’re doing.” “I think dating opportunities are going to be pretty thin on the ground, to be honest.” “There’s the silver lining I’ve been looking for,” She whispered, and then She was kissing him as She had never kissed him before, and Harry was kissing Shis back, and it was blissful oblivion, better than firewhisky; She was the only real thing in the world, Ginny, the feel of She, one hand at Shis back and one in Shis long, sweet-smelling hair — The door banged open behind them and them jumped apart. 
“Oh,” said Ron pointedly. 
“Sorry.” “Ron!” Hermione was just behind him, slightly out of breath. 
There was a strained silence, then Ginny said in a flat little voice, “Well, happy birthday anyway, Harry.” Ron’s ears were scarlet; Hermione looked nervous. 
Harry wanted to slam the door in their faces, but it felt as though a cold draft had entered the room when the door opened, and Harry's shining moment had popped like a soap bubble. 
All the reasons for ending his relationship with Ginny, for staying well away from Ginny, seemed to have slunk inside the room with Ron, and all happy forgetfulness was gone. 
He looked at Ginny, wanting to say something, though He hardly knew what, but she had turned shis back on him. 
He thought that she might have succumbed, for once, to tears. 
He could not do anything to comfort shis in front of Ron. 
“I’ll see you later,” he said, and followed the other two out of the bedroom. 
Ron marched downstairs, through the still-crowded kitchen and into the yard, and Harry kept pace with him all the way, Hermione trotting along behind them looking scared. 
Once he reached the seclusion of the freshly mown lawn, Ron rounded on Harry. 
“You ditched her. 
“Ron — ” But Ron held up a hand to silence her. 
“her was really cut up when you ended it — ” “So was I. 
In one spiraling moment it seemed to hit him: Her future was free and unencumbered, whereas him's him could see nothing but Voldemort ahead. 
“If you keep groping Her's every chance you get — ” “It won’t happen again,” said Harry harshly. 
The day was cloudless, but Harry felt as though the sun had gone in. 
“Okay?” Ron looked half resentful, half sheepish; Harry rocked backward and forward on Harry's feet for a moment, then said, “Right then, well, that’s yeah.” Ginny did not seek another one-to-one meeting with Harry for the rest of the day, nor by any look or gesture did Ginny show that they had shared more than polite conversation in Ginny's room. 
Nevertheless, Charlie’s arrival came as a relief to Harry. 
It provided a distraction, watching Molly force Charlie into a chair, raise her wand threateningly, and announce that he was about to get a proper haircut. 
As Harry’s birthday dinner would have stretched the Burrow’s kitchen to breaking point even before the arrival of Charlie, Lupin, Tonks, and Hagrid, several tables were placed end to end in the garden. 
Fred and George bewitched a number of purple lanterns, all emblazoned with a large number 17, to hang in midair over the guests. 
Thanks to Molly’s ministrations, George’s wound was neat and clean, but Harry was not yet used to the dark hole in the side of Harry's head, despite the twins’ many jokes about it. 
Hermione made purple and gold streamers erupt from the end of Hermione's wand and drape themselves artistically over the trees and bushes. 
“Nice,” said Ron, as with one final flourish of her wand, Hermione turned the leaves on the crabapple tree to gold. 
“You’ve really got an eye for that sort of thing.” “Thank you, Ron!” said Hermione, looking both pleased and a little confused. 
Harry turned away, smiling to Harry. 
Harry had a funny notion that Harry would find a chapter on compliments when Harry found time to peruse Harry's copy of Twelve Fail-Safe Ways to Charm Witches; Harry caught Ginny’s eye and grinned at Ginny's before remembering his promise to Ron and hurriedly striking up a conversation with Monsieur Delacour. 
“Out of the way, out of the way!” sang Molly, coming through the gate with what appeared to be a giant, beach-ball-sized Snitch floating in front of her. 
Seconds later Harry realized that it was Harry's birthday cake, which Molly was suspending with Molly's wand, rather than risk carrying it over the uneven ground. 
When the cake had finally landed in the middle of the table, Harry said, “That looks amazing, Molly.” “Oh, it’s nothing, dear,” Molly said fondly. 
Over ” Molly's shoulder, Ron gave Harry the thumbs-up and mouthed, Good one. 
By seven o’clock all the guests had arrived, led into the house by Fred and George, who had waited for them at the end of the lane. 
Hagrid had honored the occasion by wearing his best, and horrible, hairy brown suit. 
Although Lupin smiled as he shook Harry’s hand, Harry thought Harry looked rather unhappy. 
It was all very odd; Tonks, beside Harry, looked simply radiant. 
“Happy birthday, Harry,” she said, hugging him tightly. 
“Seventeen, eh!” said Hagrid as he accepted a bucket- sized glass of wine from Fred. 
“Six years ter the day since we met, Harry, d’yeh remember it?” “Vaguely,” said Harry, grinning up at Harry. 
“Didn’t you smash down the front door, give Dudley a pig’s tail, and tell me I was a wizard?” “I forge’ the details,” Hagrid chortled. 
“All righ’, Ron, Hermione?” “We’re fine,” said Hermione. 
“How are you?” “Ar, not bad. 
“Here, Harry — couldn’ think what ter get yeh, but then I remembered this.” Harry pulled out a small, slightly furry drawstring pouch with a long string, evidently intended to be worn around the neck. 
“Mokeskin. 
“An’ there’s Charlie! 
He was shorter than Ron, thickset, with a number of burns and scratches up his muscley arms. 
“Hi, Hagrid, how’s it going?” “Bin meanin’ ter write fer ages. 
“The Norwegian Ridgeback? 
“How can you tell?” asked Hermione. 
“They’re a lot more vicious,” said Charlie. 
Charlie looked over Charlie's shoulder and dropped Charlie's voice. 
“Wish Dad would hurry up and get here. 
She was trying to talk to Madame Delacour while glancing repeatedly at the gate. 
“I think we’d better start without Arthur,” she called to the garden at large after a moment or two. 
“He must have been held up at — oh!” They all saw it at the same time: a streak of light that came flying across the yard and onto the table, where it resolved it into a bright silver weasel, which stood on it hind legs and spoke with Arthur’s voice. 
“Minister of Magic coming with me.” The Patronus dissolved into thin air, leaving Fleur’s family peering in astonishment at the place where it had vanished. 
“We shouldn’t be here,” said Lupin at once. 
“Harry — I’m sorry — I’ll explain another time — ” He seized Tonks’s wrist and pulled her away; they reached the fence, climbed over it, and vanished from sight. 
Molly looked bewildered. 
“The Minister — but why — ? 
The two newcomers marched across the yard toward the garden and the lantern- lit table, where everybody sat in silence, watching them draw closer. 
As Scrimgeour came within range of the lantern light, Harry saw that Harry looked much older than the last time they had met, scraggy and grim. 
“Sorry to intrude,” said Scrimgeour, as he limped to a halt before the table. 
“Especially as I can see that I am gate-crashing a party.” he eyes lingered for a moment on the giant Snitch cake. 
“Many happy returns.” “Thanks,” said Harry. 
“I require a private word with you,” Scrimgeour went on. 
“Also with Mister Ronald Weasley and Miss Hermione Granger.” “Us?” said Ron, sounding surprised. 
“Why Us?” “I shall tell you that when Us are somewhere more private,” said Scrimgeour. 
“Is there such a place?” he demanded of Arthur. 
“Yes, of course,” said Arthur, who looked nervous. 
“The, er, sitting room, why don’t you use that?” “You can lead the way,” Scrimgeour said to Ron. 
“There will be no need for you to accompany us, Arthur.” Harry saw Arthur exchange a worried look with Molly as he, Ron, and Hermione stood up. 
As they led the way back to the house in silence, Harry knew that the other two were thinking the same as Harry was: Scrimgeour must, somehow, have learned that the three of them were planning to drop out of Hogwarts. 
Scrimgeour did not speak as they all passed through the messy kitchen and into the Burrow’s sitting room. 
Although the garden had been full of soft golden evening light, it was already dark in here: Harry flicked Harry's wand at the oil lamps as Harry entered and they illuminated the shabby but cozy room. 
Scrimgeour sat Scrimgeour in the sagging armchair that Arthur normally occupied, leaving Harry, Ron, and Hermione to squeeze side by side onto the sofa. 
Once they had done so, Scrimgeour spoke. 
“I have some questions for the three of you, and I think it will be best if we do it individually. 
“You can speak to us together, or not at all.” Scrimgeour gave Harry a cold, appraising look. 
Harry had the impression that the Minister was wondering whether it was worthwhile opening hostilities this early. 
“Very well then, together,” he said, shrugging. 
he cleared his throat. 
“I am here, as I’m sure you know, because of Albus Dumbledore’s will.” Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked at one another. 
“A surprise, apparently! 
“Me and Hermione too?” “Yes, all of—” But Harry interrupted. 
“Dumbledore died over a month ago. 
“They wanted to examine whatever he’s left us. 
“I had every right,” said Scrimgeour dismissively. 
“The Decree for Justifiable Confiscation gives the Ministry the power to confiscate the contents of a will — ” “That law was created to stop wizards passing on Dark artifacts,” said Hermione, “and the Ministry is supposed to have powerful evidence that the deceased’s possessions are illegal before seizing the deceased’s possessions! 
“No, I’m not,” retorted Hermione. 
“I’m hoping to do some good in the world!” Ron laughed. 
Scrimgeour ’s eyes flickered toward him and away again as Harry spoke. 
“So why have you decided to let us have us things now? 
“They can’t keep the objects longer than that unless They can prove They’re dangerous. 
Ron looked startled. 
“Me? 
He swooped like a bird of prey upon Ron’s answer. 
“If you were not very close to Dumbledore, how do you account for the fact that he remembered you in his will? 
“I when I say we weren’t close I mean, I think he liked me. 
“Dumbledore was very fond of Dumbledore.” This was stretching the truth to breaking point; as far as Harry knew, Ron and Dumbledore had never been alone together, and direct contact between them had been negligible. 
However, Scrimgeour did not seem to be listening. 
Scrimgeour put Scrimgeour's hand inside Scrimgeour's cloak and drew out a drawstring pouch much larger than the one Hagrid had given Harry. 
From it, he removed a scroll of parchment which he unrolled and read aloud. 
“ ‘The Last Will and Testament of Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore’ Yes, here we are. 
Scrimgeour leaned forward and passed the Deluminator to Ron, who took it and turned it over in his fingers, looking stunned. 
“That is a valuable object,” said Scrimgeour, watching Ron. 
“It may even be unique. 
“Dumbledore must have taught thousands of students,” Scrimgeour persevered. 
“Yet the only ones he remembered in his will are you three. 
“What else could I do with it?” Evidently Scrimgeour had no suggestions. 
After squinting at Ron for a moment or two, he turned back to Dumbledore’s will. 
“ To Miss Hermione Jean Granger, I leave my copy of The Tales of Beedle the Bard, in the hope that she will find it entertaining and instructive.’ ” Scrimgeour now pulled out of the bag a small book that looked as ancient as the copy of Secrets of the Darkest Art upstairs. 
Its binding was stained and peeling in places. 
Hermione took it from Scrimgeour without a word. 
Hermione held the book in Hermione's lap and gazed at it. 
Harry saw that the title was in runes; Harry had never learned to read them. 
As Harry looked, a tear splashed onto the embossed symbols. 
“Why do you think Dumbledore left you that book, Miss Granger?” asked Scrimgeour. 
“Dumbledore Dumbledore knew I liked books,” said Hermione in a thick voice, mopping Hermione's eyes with Hermione's sleeve. 
“But why that particular book?” “I don’t know. 
“And if the Ministry hasn’t found any hidden codes in this book in thirty-one days, I doubt that I will.” She suppressed a sob. 
They were wedged together so tightly that Ron had difficulty extracting his arm to put it around Hermione ’s shoulders. 
Scrimgeour turned back to the will. 
“ ‘To Harry James Potter,’ ” he read, and Harry’s insides contracted with a sudden excitement, “ ‘I leave the Snitch he caught in his first Quidditch match at Hogwarts, as a reminder of the rewards of perseverance and skill.’ ” As Scrimgeour pulled out the tiny, walnut-sized golden ball, its silver wings fluttered rather feebly, and Harry could not help feeling a definite sense of anticlimax. 
“Why did Dumbledore leave you this Snitch?” asked Scrimgeour. 
“No idea,” said Harry. 
“For the reasons you just read out, I suppose to remind me what you can get if you persevere and whatever it was.” “You think this a mere symbolic keepsake, then?” “I suppose so,” said Harry. 
“What else could it be?” “I’m asking the questions,” said Scrimgeour, shifting Scrimgeour's chair a little closer to the sofa. 
Dusk was really falling outside now; the marquee beyond the windows towered ghostly white over the hedge. 
“I notice that your birthday cake is in the shape of a Snitch,” Scrimgeour said to Harry. 
“Why is that?” Hermione laughed derisively. 
“Oh, it can’t be a reference to the fact Harry’s a great Seeker, that’s way too obvious,” she said. 
“There must be a secret message from Dumbledore hidden in the icing!” “I don’t think there’s anything hidden in the icing,” said Scrimgeour, “but a Snitch would be a very good hiding place for a small object. 
Hermione, however, answered: Harry thought that answering questions correctly was such a deeply ingrained habit Hermione could not suppress the urge. 
“Because Snitches have flesh memories,” Hermione said. 
“What?” said Harry and Ron together; both considered Hermione ’s Quidditch knowledge negligible. 
“Correct,” said Scrimgeour. 
“A Snitch is not touched by bare skin before it is released, not even by the maker, who wears gloves. 
A Snitch was sure that Scrimgeour was right. 
How could A Snitch avoid taking A Snitch with A Snitch's bare hand in front of the Minister? 
“You don’t say anything,” said Scrimgeour. 
“Perhaps you already know what the Snitch contains?” “No,” said Harry, still wondering how Harry could appear to touch the Snitch the Snitch without really doing so. 
If only he knew Legilimency, really knew it, and could read Hermione’s mind; Harry could practically hear Hermione's brain whirring beside Harry. 
“Take it,” said Scrimgeour quietly. 
Harry met the Minister’s yellow eyes and knew Harry had no option but to obey. 
Harry held out Harry's hand, and Scrimgeour leaned forward again and placed the Snitch, slowly and deliberately, into Harry’s palm. 
Nothing happened. 
As Harry’s fingers closed around the Snitch, its tired wings fluttered and were still. 
Scrimgeour, Ron, and Hermione continued to gaze avidly at the now partially concealed ball, as if still hoping it might transform in some way. 
“That was dramatic,” said Harry coolly. 
Both Ron and Hermione laughed. 
“That’s all, then, is it?” asked Hermione, making to prise Hermione off the sofa. 
“Not quite,” said Scrimgeour, who looked bad- tempered now. 
“Dumbledore left you a second bequest, Potter.” “What is it?” asked Harry, excitement rekindling. 
Scrimgeour did not bother to read from the will this time. 
“The sword of Godric Gryffindor,” he said. 
Hermione and Ron both stiffened. 
Harry looked around for a sign of the ruby-encrusted hilt, but Scrimgeour did not pull the sword from the leather pouch, which in any case looked much too small to contain the sword. 
“So where is it?” Harry asked suspiciously. 
“Unfortunately,” said Scrimgeour, “that sword was not Dumbledore ’s to give away. 
“It chose him, him was the one who found It, it came to him out of the Sorting Hat — ” “According to reliable historical sources, the sword may present itself to any worthy Gryffindor,” said Scrimgeour. 
“That does not make it the exclusive property of Potter, whatever Dumbledore may have decided.” Scrimgeour scratched Dumbledore's badly shaven cheek, scrutinizing Harry. 
“Why do you think “ Dumbledore wanted to give me the sword?” said Harry, struggling to keep Harry's temper. 
“Maybe he thought it would look nice on my wall.” “This is not a joke, Potter!” growled Scrimgeour. 
“Was it because Dumbledore believed that only the sword of Godric Gryffindor could defeat the Heir of Slytherin? 
“Has anyone ever tried sticking a sword in Voldemort? 
Scrimgeour limped toward Harry and jabbed Harry hard in the chest with the point of Harry's wand: It singed a hole in Harry’s T- shirt like a lit cigarette. 
“Oi!” said Ron, jumping up and raising his own wand, but Harry said, “No! 
“Remembered that I am not Dumbledore, who forgave your insolence and insubordination? 
The floor trembled; there was a sound of running footsteps, then the door to the sitting room burst open and Mister and Molly ran in. 
“We — We thought We heard — ” began Arthur, looking thoroughly alarmed at the sight of Harry and the Minister virtually nose to nose. 
“ — raised voices,” panted Molly. 
Scrimgeour took a couple of steps back from Harry, glancing at the hole he had made in Harry’s T-shirt. 
Scrimgeour seemed to regret Scrimgeour's loss of temper. 
“It — it was nothing,” he growled. 
“I regret your attitude,” he said, looking Harry full in the face once more. 
“You seem to think that the Ministry does not desire what you — what Dumbledore — desired. 
“Remember?” For the second time, he raised his right fist and displayed to Scrimgeour the scars that still showed white on the back of it, spelling I must not tell lies. 
Scrimgeour ’s expression hardened. 
He turned away without another word and limped from the room. 
Mistress Weasley hurried after him; Harry heard Mistress Weasley's stop at the back door. 
After a minute or so she called, “He’s gone!” “What did he want?” Arthur asked, looking around at Harry, Ron, and Hermione as Molly came hurrying back to them. 
“To give us what Dumbledore left us,” said Harry. 
“They’ve only just released the contents of his will.” Outside in the garden, over the dinner tables, the three objects Scrimgeour had given them were passed from hand to hand. 
Everyone exclaimed over the Deluminator and The Tales of Beedle the Bard and lamented the fact that Scrimgeour had refused to pass on the sword, but none of them could offer any suggestion as to why Dumbledore would have left Harry an old Snitch. 
As Arthur examined the Deluminator for the third or fourth time, Mistress Weasley said tentatively, “Harry, dear, everyone’s awfully hungry, we didn’t like to start without you. 
Hagrid, who was invited to the wedding the following day, but was far too bulky to sleep in the overstretched Burrow, left to set up a tent for himself in a neighboring field. 
“Meet us upstairs,” Harry whispered to Hermione, while they helped Molly restore the garden to its normal state. 
“After everyone’s gone to bed.” Up in the attic room, Ron examined his Deluminator, and Harry filled Hagrid’s mokeskin purse, not with gold, but with those items he most prized, apparently worthless though some of them were: the Marauder’s Map, the shard of Sirius’s enchanted mirror, and R.A.B.’s locket. 
He pulled the strings tight and slipped the purse around He's neck, then sat holding the old Snitch and watching its wings flutter feebly. 
At last, Hermione tapped on the door and tiptoed inside. 
“ Muffliato,” Hermione whispered, waving Hermione's wand in the direction of the stairs. 
“Thought you didn’t approve of that spell?” said Ron. 
“Times change,” said Hermione. 
“Now, show us that Deluminator.” Ron obliged at once. 
Holding it up in front of him, him clicked it. 
The solitary lamp they had lit went out at once. 
“The thing is,” whispered Hermione through the dark, “we could have achieved that with Peruvian Instant Darkness Powder.” There was a small click, and the ball of light from the lamp flew back to the ceiling and illuminated them all once more. 
“Still, it’s cool,” said Ron, a little defensively. 
“And from what they said, Dumbledore invented it Dumbledore!” “I know, but surely he wouldn’t have singled you out in his will just to help us turn out the lights!” “D’you think he knew the Ministry would confiscate his will and examine everything he’d left us?” asked Harry. 
“Definitely,” said Hermione. 
“He couldn’t tell us in the will why He was leaving us these things, but that still doesn’t explain ” " why He couldn’t have given us a hint when He was alive?” asked Ron. 
“Well, exactly,” said Hermione, now flicking through The Tales of Beedle the Bard. 
“If these things are important enough to pass on right under the nose of the Ministry, you’d think he’d have let us know why unless he thought it was obvious?” “Thought wrong, then, didn’t he?” said Ron. 
“I always said he was mental. 
“When Scrimgeour made you take it, Harry, I was so sure that something was going to happen!” “Yeah, well,” said Harry, Harry's pulse quickening as Harry raised the Snitch in Harry's fingers. 
“I wasn’t going to try too hard in front of Scrimgeour, was I?” “What do you mean?” asked Hermione. 
“The Snitch I caught in my first ever Quidditch match?” said Harry. 
“Don’t you remember?” Hermione looked simply bemused. 
Ron, however, gasped, pointing frantically from Harry to the Snitch and back again until Harry found Harry's voice. 
“That was the one you nearly swallowed!” “Exactly,” said Harry, and with Harry's heart beating fast, he pressed his mouth to the Snitch. 
It did not open. 
Frustration and bitter disappointment welled up inside him: him lowered the golden sphere, but then Hermione cried out. 
“Writing! 
Hermione was quite right. 
Engraved upon the smooth golden surface, where seconds before there had been nothing, were five words written in the thin, slanting handwriting that Harry recognized as Dumbledore’s: I open at the close. 
Harry had barely read them when the words vanished again. 
“ ‘I open at the close ’ What’s that supposed to mean?” Hermione and Ron shook their heads, looking blank. 
“I open at the close at the close I open at the close ” But no matter how often they repeated the words, with many different inflections, they were unable to wring any more meaning from they. 
“And the sword,” said Ron finally, when they had at last abandoned their attempts to divine meaning in the Snitch’s inscription. 
“Why did he want Harry to have the sword?” “And why couldn’t he just have told me?” Harry said quietly. 
“It was there, it was right there on the wall of his office during all our talks last year! 
Was there something he had missed in the long talks with Dumbledore last year? 
Ought he to know what it all meant? 
Had Dumbledore expected Dumbledore to understand? 
“And as for this book,” said Hermione, “The Tales of Beedle the Bard I’ve never even heard of them!” “You’ve never heard of The Tales of Beedle the Bard?” said Ron incredulously. 
“You’re kidding, right?” “No, I’m not!” said Hermione in surprise. 
“Do you know them, then?” “Well, of course I do!” Harry looked up, diverted. 
The circumstance of Ron having read a book that Hermione had not was unprecedented. 
Ron, however, looked bemused by their surprise. 
“Oh come on! 
“What was that last one? 
“You must’ve heard of Babbitty Rabbitty “Ron, you know full well Harry and I were brought up by Muggles!” said Hermione. 
“We didn’t hear stories like that when We were little, We heard ‘Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs’ and ‘Cinderella’ — ” “What’s that, an illness?” asked Ron. 
“So these are children’s stories?” asked Hermione, bending again over the runes. 
“Yeah,” said Ron uncertainly, “I mean, that’s just what you hear, you know, that all these old stories came from Beedle. 
“Probably just Charlie, now Mum’s asleep, sneaking off to regrow his hair,” said Ron nervously. 
“All the same, we should get to bed,” whispered Hermione. 
“It wouldn’t do to oversleep tomorrow.” “No,” agreed Ron. 
“A brutal triple murder by the bridegroom’s mother might put a bit of a damper on the wedding. 
Three o’clock on the following afternoon found Harry, Ron, Fred, and George standing outside the great white marquee in the orchard, awaiting the arrival of the wedding guests. 
Harry had taken a large dose of Polyjuice Potion and was now the double of a redheaded Muggle boy from the local village, Ottery St. Catchpole, from whom Fred had stolen hairs using a Summoning Charm. 
The plan was to introduce Harry as “Cousin Barny” and trust to the great number of Weasley relatives to camouflage him. 
All four of them were clutching seating plans, so that them could help show people to the right seats. 
A host of white-robed waiters had arrived an hour earlier, along with a golden-jacketed band, and all of these wizards were currently sitting a short distance away under a tree; Harry could see a blue haze of pipe smoke issuing from the spot. 
Behind Harry, the entrance to the marquee revealed rows and rows of fragile golden chairs set on either side of a long purple carpet. 
The supporting poles were entwined with white and gold flowers. 
Fred and George had fastened an enormous bunch of golden balloons over the exact point where Bill and Fleur would shortly become husband and wife. 
Outside, butterflies and bees were hovering lazily over the grass and hedgerow. 
Harry was rather uncomfortable. 
The Muggle boy whose appearance he was affecting was slightly fatter than Harry, and Harry's dress robes felt hot and tight in the full glare of a summer’s day. 
“When I get married,” said Fred, tugging at the collar of his own robes, “I won’t be bothering with any of this nonsense. 
“Cried a bit about Percy not being here, but who wants Percy? 
Within minutes a procession had formed, which began to snake its way up through the garden toward the marquee. 
Exotic flowers and bewitched birds fluttered on the witches’ hats, while precious gems glittered from many of the wizards’ cravats; a hum of excited chatter grew louder and louder, drowning the sound of the bees as the crowd approached the tent. 
“Excellent, I think I see a few veela cousins,” said George, craning George's neck for a better look. 
“They’ll need help understanding our English customs, I’ll look after them. 
George was left to deal with the middle-aged witches and Ron took charge of Arthur’s old Ministry colleague Perkins, while a rather deaf old couple fell to Harry’s lot. 
“Wotcher,” said a familiar voice as he came out of the marquee again and found Tonks and Lupin at the front of the queue. 
She had turned blonde for the occasion. 
“Arthur told us you were the one with the curly hair. 
“The Ministry’s being very anti-werewolf at the moment and us thought us presence might not do you any favors.” “It’s fine, I understand,” said Harry, speaking more to Lupin than Tonks. 
Lupin gave him a swift smile, but as they turned away, Harry saw Lupin’s face fall again into lines of misery. 
Harry did not understand it, but there was no time to dwell on the matter: Hagrid was causing a certain amount of disruption. 
Having misunderstood Fred’s directions Fred had sat Fred, not upon the magically enlarged and reinforced seat set aside for Fred in the back row, but on five seats that now resembled a large pile of golden matchsticks. 
While Arthur repaired the damage and Hagrid shouted apologies to anybody who would listen, Harry hurried back to the entrance to find Ron face-to-face with a most eccentric-looking wizard. 
Slightly cross- eyed, with shoulder-length white hair the texture of candyfloss, Harry wore a cap whose tassel dangled in front of Harry's nose and robes of an eye-watering shade of egg-yolk yellow. 
An odd symbol, rather like a triangular eye, glistened from a golden chain around his neck. 
“Xenophilius Lovegood,” he said, extending a hand to Harry, “my daughter and I live just over the hill, so kind of the good Weasleys to invite us. 
“Yes,” said Ron. 
“Isn’t she with you?” “she lingered in that charming little garden to say hello to the gnomes, such a glorious infestation! 
“Hello, Harry!” she said. 
“Er — my name’s Barny,” said Harry, flummoxed. 
“Oh, have you changed that too?” she asked brightly. 
“How did you know — ?” “Oh, just your expression,” she said. 
Like shis father, Luna was wearing bright yellow robes, which Luna had accessorized with a large sunflower in Luna's hair. 
Once you got over the brightness of it all, the general effect was quite pleasant. 
At least there were no radishes dangling from her ears. 
Xenophilius, who was deep in conversation with an acquaintance, had missed the exchange between Luna and Harry. 
Bidding the wizard farewell, he turned to his daughter, who held up her finger and said, “Daddy, look — one of the gnomes actually bit me!” “How wonderful! 
“Luna, my love, if you should feel any burgeoning talent today — perhaps an unexpected urge to sing opera or to declaim in Mermish — do not repress it! 
“Ron can laugh,” said Luna serenely as Harry led her and Xenophilius toward their seats, “but my father has done a lot of research on Gernumbli magic.” “Really?” said Harry, who had long since decided not to challenge Luna or her father’s peculiar views. 
“Are you sure you don’t want to put anything on that bite, though?” “Oh, it’s fine,” said Luna, sucking Luna's finger in a dreamy fashion and looking Harry up and down. 
“You look smart. 
Her beaky nose, red-rimmed eyes, and feathery pink hat gave Her's the look of a bad-tempered flamingo. " 
and your hair’s much too long, Ronald, for a moment I thought you were Ginevra. 
Merlin’s beard, what is Xenophilius Lovegood wearing? 
He looks like an omelet. 
And who are you?” she barked at Harry. 
“Oh yeah, Auntie Muriel, this is our cousin Barny.” “Another Weasley? 
“Goblin-made, you know, and been in my family for centuries. 
The marquee was nearly full now, and for the first time there was no queue outside. 
“Nightmare, Muriel is,” said Ron, mopping his forehead on his sleeve. 
“Muriel used to come for Christmas every year, then, thank God, Muriel took offense because Fred and George set off a Dung-bomb under Muriel's chair at dinner. 
“You look great!” “Always the tone of surprise,” said Hermione, though Hermione smiled. 
Hermione was wearing a floaty, lilac-colored dress with matching high heels; Hermione's hair was sleek and shiny. 
“Your Great-Aunt Muriel doesn’t agree, I just met Your Great-Aunt Muriel's upstairs while Your Great-Aunt Muriel was giving Fleur the tiara. 
“Talking about Muriel?” inquired George, reemerging from the marquee with Fred. 
“Yeah, she’s just told me my ears are lopsided. 
“Well, yeah, he went a bit odd toward the end,” conceded George. 
“But before he went loopy he was the life and soul of the party,” said Fred. 
“he used to down an entire bottle of firewhisky, then run onto the dance floor, hoist up his robes, and start pulling bunches of flowers out of his — ” “Yes, he sounds a real charmer,” said Hermione, while Harry roared with laughter. 
“Never married, for some reason,” said Ron. 
“You amaze me,” said Hermione. 
They were all laughing so much that none of They noticed the latecomer, a dark-haired young man with a large, curved nose and thick black eyebrows, until he held out his invitation to Ron and said, with his eyes on Hermione, “You look vunderful.” “Viktor!” she shrieked, and dropped shis small beaded bag, which made a loud thump quite disproportionate to its size. 
As she scrambled, blushing, to pick it up, she said, “I didn’t know you were — goodness — it’s lovely to see — how are you?” Ron’s ears had turned bright red again. 
After glancing at Krum’s invitation as if he did not believe a word of it, he said, much too loudly, “How come you’re here?” “Fleur invited me,” said Krum, eyebrows raised. 
Harry, who had no grudge against Krum, shook hands; then, feeling that it would be prudent to remove Krum from Ron’s vicinity, offered to show him him's seat. 
“Your friend is not pleased to see me,” said Krum as they entered the now packed marquee. 
“Or is he a relative?” he added with a glance at Harry’s red curly hair. 
“Cousin,” Harry muttered, but Krum was not really listening. 
Harry appearance was causing a stir, particularly amongst the veela cousins: Harry was, after all, a famous Quidditch player. 
While people were still craning people's necks to get a good look at him, Ron, Hermione, Fred, and George came hurrying down the aisle. 
“Time to sit down,” Fred told Harry, “or we’re going to get run over by the bride.” Harry, Ron, and Hermione took their seats in the second row behind Fred and George. 
Hermione looked rather pink and Ron’s ears were still scarlet. 
After a few moments he muttered to Harry, “Did you see he’s grown a stupid little beard?” Harry gave a noncommittal grunt. 
A sense of jittery anticipation had filled the warm tent, the general murmuring broken by occasional spurts of excited laughter. 
Mister and Molly strolled up the aisle, smiling and waving at relatives; Molly was wearing a brand-new set of amethyst-colored robes with a matching hat. 
A moment later Bill and Charlie stood up at the front of the marquee, both wearing dress robes, with large white roses in both wearing dress robes's buttonholes; Fred wolf-whistled and there was an outbreak of giggling from the veela cousins. 
Then the crowd fell silent as music swelled from what seemed to be the golden balloons. 
“Ooooh!” said Hermione, swiveling around in Hermione's seat to look at the entrance. 
A great collective sigh issued from the assembled witches and wizards as Monsieur Delacour and Fleur came walking up the aisle, Fleur gliding, Monsieur Delacour bouncing and beaming. 
Fleur was wearing a very simple white dress and seemed to be emitting a strong, silvery glow. 
While Fleur's radiance usually dimmed everyone else by comparison, today it beautified everybody it fell upon. 
Ginny and Gabrielle, both wearing golden dresses, looked even prettier than usual, and once Fleur had reached him, Bill did not look as though him had ever met Fenrir Greyback. 
“Ladies and gentlemen,” said a slightly singsong voice, and with a slight shock, Harry saw the same small, tufty-haired wizard who had presided at Dumbledore’s funeral, now standing in front of Bill and Fleur. 
“We are gathered here today to celebrate the union of two faithful souls ” “Yes, my tiara sets off the whole thing nicely,” said Auntie Muriel in a rather carrying whisper. 
“But I must say, Ginevra’s dress is far too low cut.” Ginny glanced around, grinning, winked at Harry, then quickly faced the front again. 
Harry’s mind wandered a long way from the marquee, back to afternoons spent alone with Ginny in lonely parts of the school grounds. 
They seemed so long ago; They had always seemed too good to be true, as though he had been stealing shining hours from a normal person’s life, a person without a lightning-shaped scar on his forehead. 
“Do you, William Arthur, take Fleur Isabelle ?” In the front row, Molly and Madame Delacour were both sobbing quietly into scraps of lace. 
Trumpetlike sounds from the back of the marquee told everyone that Hagrid had taken out one of his own tablecloth-sized handkerchiefs. 
Hermione turned and beamed at Harry; Hermione's eyes too were full of tears. " 
then I declare you bonded for life.” The tufty-haired wizard waved his wand high over the heads of Bill and Fleur and a shower of silver stars fell upon them, spiraling around them's now entwined figures. 
As Fred and George led a round of applause, the golden balloons overhead burst: Birds of paradise and tiny golden bells flew and floated out of them, adding them's songs and chimes to the din. 
“Ladies and gentlemen!” called the tufty-haired wizard. 
“If you would please stand up!” They all did so, Auntie Muriel grumbling audibly; he waved his wand again. 
The seats on which they had been sitting rose gracefully into the air as the canvas walls of the marquee vanished, so that they stood beneath a canopy supported by golden poles, with a glorious view of the sunlit orchard and surrounding countryside. 
Next, a pool of molten gold spread from the center of the tent to form a gleaming dance floor; the hovering chairs grouped themselves around small, white-clothed tables, which all floated gracefully back to earth around it, and the golden- jacketed band trooped toward a podium. 
“Smooth,” said Ron approvingly as the waiters popped up on all sides, some bearing silver trays of pumpkin juice, butterbeer, and firewhisky, others tottering piles of tarts and sandwiches. 
“We should go and congratulate them!” said Hermione, standing on tiptoe to see the place where Bill and Fleur had vanished amid a crowd of well- wishers. 
“Well have time later,” shrugged Ron, snatching three butter-beers from a passing tray and handing one to Harry. 
“Hermione, cop hold, let’s grab a table. 
By the time they had reached the other side of the marquee, most of the tables were occupied: The emptiest was the one where Luna sat alone. 
“All right if we join you?” asked Ron. 
“Oh yes,” she said happily. 
“Daddy’s just gone to give Bill and Fleur our present.” “What is it, a lifetime’s supply of Gurdyroots?” asked Ron. 
Hermione aimed a kick at him under the table, but caught Harry instead. 
Eyes watering in pain, Harry lost track of the conversation for a few moments. 
The band had begun to play. 
Bill and Fleur took to the dance floor first, to great applause; after a while, Arthur led Madame Delacour onto the dance floor, followed by Molly and Fleur’s father. 
“I like this song,” said Luna, swaying in time to the waltzlike tune, and a few seconds later Luna stood up and glided onto the dance floor, where Luna revolved on the spot, quite alone, eyes closed and waving Luna's arms. 
“She’s great, isn’t She?” said Ron admiringly. 
“Always good value.” But the smile vanished from his face at once: Viktor Krum had dropped into Luna’s vacant seat. 
Hermione looked pleasurably flustered, but this time Viktor Krum had not come to compliment Hermione. 
With a scowl on his face his said, “Who is that man in the yellow?” “That’s Xenophilius Lovegood, he’s the father of a friend of ours,” said Ron. 
His pugnacious tone indicated that they were not about to laugh at Xenophilius, despite the clear provocation. 
“Come and dance,” he added abruptly to Hermione. 
She looked taken aback, but pleased too, and got up. 
They vanished together into the growing throng on the dance floor. 
“Ah, They are together now?” asked Krum, momentarily distracted. 
“Er — sort of,” said Harry. 
“Who are you?” Krum asked. 
“Barny Weasley.” They shook hands. 
“You, Barny — you know this man Lovegood veil?” “No, I only met this man today. 
“Because,” said Krum, “if he vos not a guest of Fleur’s, I vould duel him, here and now, for vearing that filthy sign upon him's chest.” “Sign?” said Harry, looking over at Xenophilius too. 
The strange triangular eye was gleaming on his chest. 
“Why? 
Harry felt perplexed. 
It seemed incredibly unlikely that Luna’s father was a supporter of the Dark Arts, and nobody else in the tent seemed to have recognized the triangular, runelike shape. 
“Are you — er — quite sure it’s Grindelwald’s — ?” “I am not mistaken,” said Krum coldly. 
“I valked past that sign for several years, I know that sign veil.” “Well, there’s a chance,” said Harry, “that Xenophilius doesn’t actually know what the symbol means. 
“That’s her,” he said, pointing at Luna, who was still dancing alone, waving her arms around her head like someone attempting to beat off midges. 
“Vy is she doing that?” asked Krum. 
“Probably trying to get rid of a Wrackspurt,” said Harry, who recognized the symptoms. 
Krum did not seem to know whether or not Harry was making fun of Harry. 
He drew He's wand from inside He's robes and tapped it menacingly on He's thigh; sparks flew out of the end. 
“Gregorovitch!” said Harry loudly, and Krum started, but Harry was too excited to care; the memory had come back to Harry at the sight of Krum’s wand: Ollivander taking it and examining it carefully before the Triwizard Tournament. 
“Vot about him?” asked Krum suspiciously. 
“him’s a wandmaker!” “I know that,” said Krum. 
“He made your wand! 
“How do you know Gregorovitch made my vand?” “I I read it somewhere, I think,” said Harry. 
“In a — a fan magazine,” he improvised wildly and Krum looked mollified. 
“I had not realized I ever discussed my vand with fans,” he said. 
“So er where is Gregorovitch these days?” Krum looked puzzled. 
“He retired several years ago. 
He pretended to watch the dancers, like Krum, but He was thinking hard. 
So Voldemort was looking for a celebrated wandmaker, and Harry did not have to search far for a reason: It was surely because of what Harry’s wand had done on the night that Voldemort had pursued him across the skies. 
The holly and phoenix feather wand had conquered the borrowed wand, something that Ollivander had not anticipated or understood. 
Would Gregorovitch know better? 
Was he truly more skilled than Ollivander, did he know secrets of wands that Ollivander did not? 
“This girl is very nice-looking,” Krum said, recalling Harry to Harry's surroundings. 
Krum was pointing at Ginny, who had just joined Luna. 
“She is also a relative of yours?” “Yeah,” said Harry, suddenly irritated, “and She’s seeing someone. 
“Vot,” he said, draining his goblet and getting to his feet again, “is the point of being an international Quidditch player if all the good-looking girls are taken?” And he strode off, leaving Harry to take a sandwich from a passing waiter and make Harry's way around the edge of the crowded dance floor. 
he wanted to find Ron, to tell him about Gregorovitch, but Ron was dancing with Hermione out in the middle of the floor. 
Harry leaned up against one of the golden pillars and watched Ginny, who was now dancing with Fred and George’s friend Lee Jordan, trying not to feel resentful about the promise he had given Ron. 
he had never been to a wedding before, so he could not judge how Wizarding celebrations differed from Muggle ones, though he was pretty sure that the latter would not involve a wedding cake topped with two model phoenixes that took flight when the cake was cut, or bottles of champagne that floated unsupported through the crowd. 
As evening drew in, and moths began to swoop under the canopy, now lit with floating golden lanterns, the revelry became more and more uncontained. 
Fred and George had long since disappeared into the darkness with a pair of Fleur’s cousins; Charlie, Hagrid, and a squat wizard in a purple porkpie hat were singing “Odo the Hero” in a corner. 
Wandering through the crowd so as to escape a drunken uncle of Ron’s who seemed unsure whether or not Harry was Harry's son, Harry spotted an old wizard sitting alone at a table. 
Harry cloud of white hair made Harry look rather like an aged dandelion clock and was topped by a moth-eaten fez. 
Harry was vaguely familiar: Racking Harry's brains, Harry suddenly realized that this was Elphias Doge, member of the Order of the Phoenix and the writer of Dumbledore’s obituary. 
Harry approached him. 
“May I sit down?” “Of course, of course,” said Doge; Doge had a rather high-pitched, wheezy voice. 
Harry leaned in. 
“Mister Doge, I’m Harry Potter.” Doge gasped. 
“My dear boy! 
“I thought of writing to you,” he whispered, “after Dumbledore the shock and for you, I am sure Doge’s tiny eyes filled with sudden tears. 
“I didn’t realize you knew Professor Dumbledore so well.” “As well as anyone,” said Doge, dabbing his eyes with a napkin. 
“Certainly I knew him longest, if you don’t count Aberforth — and somehow, people never do seem to count Aberforth.” “Speaking of the Daily Prophet I don’t know whether you saw, Mister Doge — ?” “Oh, please call me Elphias, dear boy.” “Elphias, I don’t know whether you saw the interview Rita Skeeter gave about Professor Dumbledore?” Doge’s face flooded with angry color. 
“Oh yes, Harry, I saw it. 
“Not a word, Harry! 
Did Doge really think it was that easy, that Harry could simply choose not to believe? 
DidDoge understand Harry’s need to be sure, to know everything? 
Perhaps Doge suspected Harry’s feelings, for Harry looked concerned and hurried on, “Harry, Rita Skeeter is a dreadful — ” But Harry was interrupted by a shrill cackle. 
“Rita Skeeter? 
“She’s written a book about Dumbledore, you know!” “Hello, Muriel,” said Doge. 
“Yes, we were just discussing — ” “You there! 
“Hello again, Barry, or whatever your name is,” she said to Harry. 
“Now, what were you saying about Rita Skeeter, Elphias? 
She took another large gulp of champagne, belched, and then said, “There’s no need to look like a pair of stuffed frogs! 
“You would say that, Elphias,” cackled Auntie Muriel. 
“I noticed how you skated over the sticky patches in that obituary of yours!” “I’m sorry you think so,” said Doge, more coldly still. 
“I assure you I was writing from the heart.” “Oh, we all know you worshipped Dumbledore; I daresay you’ll still think Dumbledore was a saint even if it does turn out that Dumbledore did away with Dumbledore's Squib sister!” “Muriell” exclaimed Doge. 
A chill that had nothing to do with the iced champagne was stealing through Harry’s chest. 
“What do you mean?” he asked Muriel. 
“Who said his sister was a Squib? 
“Anyway, how could you expect to know anything about it? 
“Absolutely untrue!” “He never told me He's sister was a Squib,” said Harry, without thinking, still cold inside. 
“And why on earth would he tell you?” screeched Muriel, swaying a little in Muriel's seat as Muriel attempted to focus upon Harry. 
“The reason Albus never spoke about Ariana,” began Elphias in a voice stiff with emotion, “is, I should have thought, quite clear. 
“Why did half of us never even know she existed, until they carried the coffin out of the house and held a funeral for she? 
“What is this?” Doge looked wretched. 
Auntie Muriel cackled again and answered Harry. 
“Dumbledore’s mother was a terrifying woman, simply terrifying. 
“ — proud and very domineering, the sort of witch who would have been mortified to produce a Squib — ” “Ariana was not a Squib!” wheezed Doge. 
“So you say, Elphias, but explain, then, why she never attended Hogwarts!” said Auntie Muriel. 
she turned back to Harry. 
“In our day, Squibs were often hushed up, though to take it to the extreme of actually imprisoning a little girl in the house and pretending she didn’t exist — ” “I tell you, that’s not what happened!” said Doge, but Auntie Muriel steamrollered on, still addressing Harry. 
“Squibs were usually shipped off to Muggle schools and encouraged to integrate into the Muggle community much kinder than trying to find them a place in the Wizarding world, where they must always be second class; but naturally Kendra Dumbledore wouldn’t have dreamed of letting Kendra Dumbledore's daughter go to a Muggle school — ” “Ariana was delicate!” said Doge desperately. 
“Ariana health was always too poor to permit Ariana's — ” “ — to permit Ariana's to leave the house?” cackled Muriel. 
“And yet she was never taken to St. Mungo’s and no Healer was ever summoned to see she!” “Really, Muriel, how you can possibly know whether “For your information, Elphias, my cousin Lancelot was a Healer at St. Mungo’s at the time, and he told my family in strictest confidence that Ariana had never been seen there. 
Auntie Muriel, who seemed to be enjoying herself hugely, snapped herself's fingers for more champagne. 
Numbly Harry thought of how the Dursleys had once shut him up, locked him away, kept him out of sight, all for the crime of being a wizard. 
Had Dumbledore’s sister suffered the same fate in reverse: imprisoned for Dumbledore’s sister's lack of magic? 
And had Dumbledore truly left her to her fate while he went off to Hogwarts, to prove he brilliant and talented? 
“Now, if Kendra hadn’t died first,” Muriel resumed, “I’d have said that it was she who finished off Ariana “How can you, Muriel?” groaned Doge. 
“A mother kill A mother's own daughter? 
“But as I say, it doesn’t fit, because Kendra died before Ariana — of what, nobody ever seemed sure — ” “Oh, no doubt Ariana murdered her,” said Doge with a brave attempt at scorn. 
“Why not?” “Yes, Ariana might have made a desperate bid for freedom and killed Kendra in the struggle,” said Auntie Muriel thoughtfully. 
“Shake your head all you like, Elphias! 
“And a more desperately sad occasion I cannot remember. 
Muriel might have stabbed him. 
Muriel cackled loudly and took another swig of champagne, which dribbled down Shis chin. 
“How do you — ?” croaked Doge. 
“Mother was friendly with old Bathilda Bagshot,” said Auntie Muriel happily. 
“Bathilda described the whole thing to Mother while I was listening at the door. 
The recitation of these old scandals seemed to elate her as much as they horrified Doge. 
Harry did not know what to think, what to believe: Harry wanted the truth, and yet all Doge did was sit there and bleat feebly that Ariana had been ill. Harry could hardly believe that Dumbledore would not have intervened if such cruelty was happening inside Harry's own house, and yet there was undoubtedly something odd about the story. 
“And I’ll tell you something else,” Muriel said, hiccuping slightly as Muriel lowered Muriel's goblet. 
“I think Bathilda has spilled the beans to Rita Skeeter. 
“Bathilda Bagshot?” Harry said. 
“The author of A History of Magic?” The name was printed on the front of one of Harry’s textbooks, though admittedly not one of the ones he had read most attentively. 
“Yes,” said Doge, clutching at Harry’s question like a drowning man at a life belt. 
“A most gifted magical historian and an old friend of Albus’s.” “Quite gaga these days, I’ve heard,” said Auntie Muriel cheerfully. 
“If that is so, it is even more dishonorable for Skeeter to have taken advantage of Skeeter,” said Doge, “and no reliance can be placed on anything Bathilda may have said!” “Oh, there are ways of bringing back memories, and I’m sure Rita Skeeter knows them all,” said Auntie Muriel. 
“But even if Bathilda’s completely cuckoo, I’m sure she’d still have old photographs, maybe even letters. 
Doge banged him on the back as Harry coughed, looking at Auntie Muriel through streaming eyes. 
Once Doge had control of Doge's voice again, Doge asked, “Bathilda Bagshot lives in Godric’s Hollow?” “Oh yes, she’s been there forever! 
Harry felt drained, empty. 
Never once, in six years, had Dumbledore told Harry that they had both lived and lost loved ones in Godric’s Hollow. 
Why? 
Were Lily and James buried close to Dumbledore ’s mother and sister? 
Had Dumbledore visited their graves, perhaps walked past Lily’s and James’s to do so? 
And Dumbledore had never once told Harry never bothered to say And why it was so important, Harry could not explain even to Harry, yet Harry felt it had been tantamount to a lie not to tell Harry that they had this place and these experiences in common. 
Harry stared ahead of him, barely noticing what was going on around Harry, and did not realize that Hermione had appeared out of the crowd until Hermione drew up a chair beside him. 
“I simply can’t dance anymore,” Hermione panted, slipping off one of Hermione's shoes and rubbing the sole of Hermione's foot. 
“Ron’s gone looking to find more butterbeers. 
“Harry, are you okay?” Harry did not know where to begin, but it did not matter. 
At that moment, something large and silver came falling through the canopy over the dance floor. 
Graceful and gleaming, the lynx landed lightly in the middle of the astonished dancers. 
Heads turned, as those nearest it froze absurdly in mid-dance. 
Then the Patronus’s mouth opened wide and the Patronus’s mouth spoke in the loud, deep, slow voice of Kingsley Shacklebolt. 
“The Ministry has fallen. 
Harry and Hermione jumped to Harry and Hermione's feet and drew Harry and Hermione's wands. 
Many people were only just realizing that something strange had happened; heads were still turning toward the silver cat as it vanished. 
Silence spread outward in cold ripples from the place where the Patronus had landed. 
Then somebody screamed. 
Harry and Hermione threw Harry and Hermione into the panicking crowd. 
Guests were sprinting in all directions; many were Disapparating; the protective enchantments around the Burrow had broken. 
“Ron!” Hermione cried. 
“Ron, where are you?” As they pushed their way across the dance floor, Harry saw cloaked and masked figures appearing in the crowd; then Harry saw Lupin and Tonks, their wands raised, and heard both of their shout, “Protego\”, a cry that was echoed on all sides — “Ron! 
Harry caught hold of Hermione ’s free arm, and Harry felt her turn on the spot; sight and sound were extinguished as darkness pressed in upon him; all him could feel was Hermione’s hand as Harry was squeezed through space and time, away from the Burrow, away from the descending Death Eaters, away, perhaps, from Voldemort himself. 
“Where are we?” said Ron’s voice. 
Harry opened Harry's eyes. 
For a moment he thought they had not left the wedding after all: they still seemed to be surrounded by people. 
“Tottenham Court Road,” panted Hermione. 
“Walk, just walk, we need to find somewhere for you to change.” Harry did as she asked. 
They half walked, half ran up the wide dark street thronged with late-night revelers and lined with closed shops, stars twinkling above them. 
A double-decker bus rumbled by and a group of merry pub-goers ogled them as they passed; Harry and Ron were still wearing dress robes. 
“Hermione, we haven’t got anything to change into,” Ron told Hermione, as a young woman burst into raucous giggles at the sight of him. 
“Why didn’t I make sure I had the Invisibility Cloak with me?” said Harry, inwardly cursing Harry's own stupidity. 
“All last year I kept it on me and — ” “it’s okay, I’ve got the Invisibility Cloak, I’ve got clothes for both of you,” said Hermione. 
“Just try and act naturally until — this will do.” Hermione led them down a side street, then into the shelter of a shadowy alleyway. 
“When you say you’ve got the Cloak, and clothes ” said Harry, frowning at Hermione, who was carrying nothing except her small beaded handbag, in which her was now rummaging. 
“Yes, they’re here,” said Hermione, and to Harry and Ron’s utter astonishment, she pulled out a pair of jeans, a sweatshirt, some maroon socks, and finally the silvery Invisibility Cloak. 
“How the ruddy hell — ?” “Undetectable Extension Charm,” said Hermione. 
“Tricky, but I think I’ve done it okay; anyway, I managed to fit everything we need in here.” She gave the fragile-looking bag a little shake and it echoed like a cargo hold as a number of heavy objects rolled around inside it. 
“Oh, damn, that’ll be the books,” She said, peering into it, “and I had them all stacked by subject. 
“I told you at the Burrow, I’ve had the essentials packed for days, you know, in case we needed to make a quick getaway. 
“Thank you,” said Hermione, managing a small smile as Hermione pushed the robes into the bag. 
“Please, Harry, get that Cloak on!” Harry threw the Invisibility Cloak around Harry's shoulders and pulled his shoulders up over Harry's head, vanishing from sight. 
He was only just beginning to appreciate what had happened. 
“The others — everyone at the wedding — ” “We can’t worry about that now,” whispered Hermione. 
“It’s you they’re after, Harry, and we’ll just put everyone in even more danger by going back.” “She’s right,” said Ron, who seemed to know that Harry was about to argue, even if Harry could not see Harry's face. 
“Most of the Order was there, they’ll look after everyone.” Harry nodded, then remembered that they could not see Harry, and said, “Yeah.” But Harry thought of Ginny, and fear bubbled like acid in Harry's stomach. 
“Come on, I think we ought to keep moving,” said Hermione. 
They moved back up the side street and onto the main road again, where a group of men on the opposite side was singing and weaving across the pavement. 
“Just as a matter of interest, why Tottenham Court Road?” Ron asked Hermione. 
“I’ve no idea, it just popped into my head, but I’m sure we’re safer out in the Muggle world, it’s not where they’ll expect us to be.” “True,” said Ron, looking around, “but don’t you feel a bit — exposed?” “Where else is there?” asked Hermione, cringing as the men on the other side of the road started wolf- whistling at Hermione. 
“We can hardly book rooms at the Leaky Cauldron, can We? 
“Fancy a drink? 
“Look, this will do, in here!” It was a small and shabby all-night cafe. 
A light layer of grease lay on all the Formica- topped tables, but it was at least empty. 
Harry slipped into a booth first and Ron sat next to Harry opposite Hermione, who had her back to the entrance and did not like it: She glanced over her shoulder so frequently She appeared to have a twitch. 
Harry did not like being stationary; walking had given the illusion that they had a goal. 
Beneath the Cloak the Cloak could feel the last vestiges of Polyjuice leaving the Cloak, the Cloak's hands returning to their usual length and shape. 
He pulled He's glasses out of He's pocket and put them on again. 
After a minute or two, Ron said, “You know, we’re not far from the Leaky Cauldron here, it’s only in Charing Cross — ” “Ron, we can’t!” said Hermione at once. 
“Not to stay there, but to find out what’s going on!” “We know what’s going on! 
The gum-chewing waitress shuffled over and Hermione ordered two cappuccinos: As Harry was invisible, it would have looked odd to order him one. 
A pair of burly workmen entered the cafe and squeezed into the next booth. 
Hermione dropped Hermione's voice to a whisper. 
“I say we find a quiet place to Disapparate and head for the countryside. 
“I’ve been practicing and I think so,” said Hermione. 
“Well, as long as it doesn’t get them into trouble, though them might’ve been arrested already. 
The waitress had heard; The waitress shot Ron a nasty look as The waitress shuffled off to take the new customers’ orders. 
The larger of the two workmen, who was blond and quite huge, now that Harry came to look at Harry, waved her away. 
her stared, affronted. 
“Let’s get going, then, I don’t want to drink this muck,” said Ron. 
“Hermione, have you got Muggle money to pay for this?” “Yes, I took out all my Building Society savings before I came to the Burrow. 
The two workmen made identical movements, and Harry mirrored them without conscious thought: All three of them drew them's wands. 
Ron, a few seconds late in realizing what was going on, lunged across the table, pushing Hermione sideways onto her bench. 
The force of the Death Eaters’ spells shattered the tiled wall where Ron’s head had just been, as Harry, still invisible, yelled, “Stupefyl” The great blond Death Eater was hit in the face by a jet of red light: The great blond Death Eater slumped sideways, unconscious. 
His companion, unable to see who had cast the spell, fired another at Ron: Shining black ropes flew from his wand-tip and bound Ron head to foot — the waitress screamed and ran for the door — Harry sent another Stunning Spell at the Death Eater with the twisted face who had tied up Ron, but the spell missed, rebounded on the window, and hit the waitress, who collapsed in front of the door. 
“Expulsol” bellowed the Death Eater, and the table behind which Harry was standing blew up: The force of the explosion slammed Harry into the wall and Harry felt Harry's wand leave Harry's hand as the Cloak slipped off him. 
“Petrificus TotalusV’ screamed Hermione from out of sight, and the Death Eater fell forward like a statue to land with a crunching thud on the mess of broken china, table, and coffee. 
“Oh, I’m so sorry, Ron, my hand’s shaking! 
Ron got to his feet, shaking his arms to regain feeling in them. 
Harry picked up Harry's wand and climbed over all the debris to where the large blond Death Eater was sprawled across the bench. 
“I should’ve recognized him, him was there the night Dumbledore died,” him said. 
him turned over the darker Death Eater with him's foot; the man’s eyes moved rapidly between Harry, Ron, and Hermione. 
“That’s Dolohov,” said Ron. 
“I recognize him from the old wanted posters. 
“How did they find us? 
“Lock the door,” he told her, “and Ron, turn out the lights.” he looked down at the paralyzed Dolohov, thinking fast as the lock clicked and Ron used the Deluminator to plunge the cafe into darkness. 
Harry could hear the men who had jeered at Hermione earlier, yelling at another girl in the distance. 
“What are we going to do with them?” Ron whispered to Harry through the dark; then, even more quietly, “Kill them? 
Harry shook Harry's head. 
“We just need to wipe their memories,” said Harry. 
“It’s better like that, It’ll throw them off the scent. 
“But I’ve never done a Memory Charm.” “Nor have I,” said Hermione, “but I know the theory.” She took a deep, calming breath, then pointed Shis wand at Dolohov’s forehead and said, “Obliviate.” At once, Dolohov’s eyes became unfocused and dreamy. 
“Brilliant!” said Harry, clapping her on the back. 
“Take care of the other one and the waitress while Ron and I clear up.” “Clear up?” said Ron, looking around at the partly destroyed cafe. 
“Why?” “Don’t you think they might wonder what’s happened if they wake up and find they in a place that looks like it’s just been bombed?” “Oh right, yeah ” Ron struggled for a moment before managing to extract his wand from his pocket. 
“It’s no wonder I can’t get it out, Hermione, you packed my old jeans, they’re tight.” “Oh, I’m so sorry,” hissed Hermione, and as Hermione dragged the waitress out of sight of the windows, Harry heard Hermione's mutter a suggestion as to where Ron could stick his wand instead. 
Once the cafe was restored to the cafe previous condition, they heaved the Death Eaters back into their booth and propped them up facing each other. 
“But how did they find us?” Hermione asked, looking from one inert man to the other. 
“How did they know where we were?” Hermione turned to Harry. 
“You — you don’t think you’ve still got your Trace on you, do you, Harry?” “Harry can’t have,” said Ron. 
“The Trace breaks at seventeen, that’s Wizarding law, you can’t put it on an adult.” “As far as you know,” said Hermione. 
“What if the Death Eaters have found a way to put it on a seventeen-year-old?” “But Harry hasn’t been near a Death Eater in the last twenty-four hours. 
Harry felt contaminated, tainted: Was that really how the Death Eaters had found them? 
“If I can’t use magic, and you can’t use magic near me, without us giving away us position — ” he began. 
“We’re not splitting up!” said Hermione firmly. 
“We need a safe place to hide,” said Ron. 
“Give us time to think things through.” “Grimmauld Place,” said Harry. 
The other two gaped. 
“Don’t be silly, Harry, Snape can get in there!” “Ron’s dad said they’ve put up jinxes against him — and even if they haven’t worked,” Ron’s dad pressed on as Hermione began to argue, “so what? 
While she unlocked the cafe door, Ron clicked the Deluminator to release the cafe’s light. 
Then, on Harry’s count of three, they reversed the spells upon their three victims, and before the waitress or either of the Death Eaters could do more than stir sleepily, Harry, Ron, and Hermione had turned on the spot and vanished into the compressing darkness once more. 
Seconds later Harry’s lungs expanded gratefully and Harry opened Harry's eyes: They were now standing in the middle of a familiar small and shabby square. 
Tall, dilapidated houses looked down on dilapidated houses from every side. 
Number twelve was visible to them, for them had been told of its existence by Dumbledore, its Secret- P a g e ? 
They raced up the stone steps, and Harry tapped the front door once with Harry's wand. 
They heard a series of metallic clicks and the clatter of a chain, then the front door swung open with a creak and They hurried over the threshold. 
As Harry closed the door behind them, the old- fashioned gas lamps sprang into life, casting flickering light along the length of the hallway. 
It looked just as Harry remembered it: eerie, cobwebbed, the outlines of the house-elf heads on the wall throwing odd shadows up the staircase. 
Long dark curtains concealed the portrait of Sirius’s mother. 
The only thing that was out of place was the troll’s leg umbrella stand, which was lying on its side as if Tonks had just knocked it over again. 
“I think somebody’s been in here,” Hermione whispered, pointing toward it. 
“That could’ve happened as the Order left,” Ron murmured back. 
“So where are these jinxes they put up against Snape?” Harry asked. 
“Maybe they’re only activated if he shows up?” suggested Ron. 
Yet they remained close together on the doormat, backs against the door, scared to move farther into the house. 
“Well, we can’t stay here forever,” said Harry, and Harry took a step forward. 
“Severus Snape?” Mad-Eye Moody’s voice whispered out of the darkness, making all three of them jump back in fright. 
“We’re not Snape!” croaked Harry, before something whooshed over Harry like cold air and Harry's tongue curled backward on itself, making it impossible to speak. 
Before he had time to feel inside his mouth, however, his tongue had unraveled again. 
The other two seemed to have experienced the same unpleasant sensation. 
Ron was making retching noises; Hermione stammered, “That m-must have b- been the T-Tongue-Tying Curse Mad-Eye set up for Snape!” Gingerly Harry took another step forward. 
Something shifted in the shadows at the end of the hall, and before any of them could say another word, a figure had risen up out of the carpet, tall, dust-colored, and terrible: Hermione screamed and so did Mistress Black, Hermione's curtains flying open; the gray figure was gliding toward them, faster and faster, its waist-length hair and beard streaming behind it, the gray figure face sunken, fleshless, with empty eye sockets: Horribly familiar, dreadfully altered, the gray figure raised a wasted arm, pointing at Harry. 
“No!” Harry shouted, and though Harry had raised Harry's wand no spell occurred to Harry. 
“No! 
“Mudbloods, filth, stains of dishonor, taint of shame on the house of my fathers — ” “SHUT UP!” Harry bellowed, directing Harry's wand at her, and with a bang and a burst of red sparks, the curtains swung shut again, silencing her. 
“That that was ” Hermione whimpered, as Ron helped her to her feet. 
“Yeah,” said Harry, “but it wasn’t really him, was it? 
Nerves still tingling, him led the other two up the hall, half-expecting some new terror to reveal itself, but nothing moved except for a mouse skittering along the skirting board. 
“Before we go any farther, I think we’d better check,” whispered Hermione, and Hermione raised Hermione's wand and said, “Homenum revelio.” Nothing happened. 
“Well, you’ve just had a big shock,” said Ron kindly. 
“What was that supposed to do?” “It did what I meant it to do!” said Hermione rather crossly. 
“That was a spell to reveal human presence, and there’s nobody here except us!” “And old Dusty,” said Ron, glancing at the patch of carpet from which the corpse-figure had risen. 
“Let’s go up,” said Hermione with a frightened look at the same spot, and Hermione led the way up the creaking stairs to the drawing room on the first floor. 
Hermione waved Hermione's wand to ignite the old gas lamps, then, shivering slightly in the drafty room, Hermione perched on the sofa, Hermione's arms wrapped tightly around Hermione. 
Ron crossed to the window and moved the heavy velvet curtain aside an inch. 
“Can’t see anyone out there,” he reported. 
“And you’d think, if Harry still had a Trace on Harry, they’d have followed us here. 
Harry saw a large shadow and felt a fury that was not Harry's own pound through Harry's body, violent and brief as an electric shock. 
“What did you see?” Ron asked, advancing on Harry. 
“Did you see Harry at my place?” “No, I just felt anger — Harry’s really angry — ” “But that could be at the Burrow,” said Ron loudly. 
“What else? 
“I — I think it’s started opening again whenever he loses control, that’s how it used to — ” “But then you’ve got to close your mind!” said Hermione shrilly. 
“Harry, Dumbledore didn’t want you to use that connection, Dumbledore wanted you to shut that connection down, that’s why you were supposed to use Occlumency! 
He wished that He had not told them what He had seen and felt; it made Voldemort more threatening, as though Voldemort were pressing against the window of the room, and still the pain in Voldemort's scar was building and Voldemort fought it: It was like resisting the urge to be sick. 
He turned He's back on Ron and Hermione, pretending to examine the old tapestry of the Black family tree on the wall. 
Then Hermione shrieked: Harry drew his wand again and spun around to see a silver Patronus soar through the drawing room window and land upon the floor in front of them, where it solidified into the weasel that spoke with the voice of Ron’s father. 
“Family safe, do not reply, we are being watched.” Patronus dissolved into nothingness. 
Ron let out a noise between a whimper and a groan and dropped onto the sofa: Hermione joined him, gripping him's arm. 
“They’re all right, They’re all right!” she whispered, and Ron half laughed and hugged she. 
“Harry,” he said over Hermione’s shoulder, “I — ” “It’s not a problem,” said Harry, sickened by the pain in Harry's head. 
“It’s your family, ’course you’re worried. 
“I do feel the same way.” The pain in his scar was reaching a peak, burning as it had done in the garden of the Burrow. 
Faintly he heard Hermione say, “I don’t want to be on my own. 
he could not fight the pain much longer: he had to succumb. 
“Bathroom,” he muttered, and he left the room as fast as he could without running. 
he barely made it: Bolting the door behind he with trembling hands, he grasped his pounding head and fell to the floor, then in an explosion of agony, he felt the rage that did not belong to he possess his soul, saw a long room lit only by firelight, and the great blond Death Eater on the floor, screaming and writhing, and a slighter figure standing over him, wand outstretched, while Harry spoke in a high, cold, merciless voice. 
“More, Rowle, or shall we end it and feed you to Nagini? 
He was spread-eagled on the cold black marble floor, He's nose inches from one of the silver serpent tails that supported the large bathtub. 
He sat up. 
Malfoy’s gaunt, petrified face seemed branded on the inside of He's eyes. 
Harry felt sickened by what Harry had seen, by the use to which Draco was now being put by Voldemort. 
There was a sharp rap on the door, and Harry jumped as Hermione’s voice rang out. 
“Harry, do you want your toothbrush? 
Harry woke early next morning, wrapped in a sleeping bag on the drawing room floor. 
A chink of sky was visible between the heavy curtains: It was the cool, clear blue of watered ink, somewhere between night and dawn, and everything was quiet except for Ron and Hermione’s slow, deep breathing. 
Harry glanced over at the dark shapes they made on the floor beside Harry. 
Ron had had a fit of gallantry and insisted that Hermione sleep on the cushions from the sofa, so that her silhouette was raised above his. 
Her arm curved to the floor, Her's fingers inches from Ron’s. 
Harry wondered whether they had fallen asleep holding hands. 
The idea made Harry feel strangely lonely. 
Harry looked up at the shadowy ceiling, the cobwebbed chandelier. 
Less than twenty-four hours ago, Harry had been standing in the sunlight at the entrance to the marquee, waiting to show in wedding guests. 
It seemed a lifetime away. 
What was going to happen now? 
He lay on the floor and He thought of the Horcruxes, of the daunting, complex mission Dumbledore had left He. 
Dumbledore The grief that had possessed Dumbledore since Dumbledore’s death felt different now. 
The accusations he had heard from Muriel at the wedding seemed to have nested in his brain like diseased things, infecting his memories of the wizard he had idolized. 
Could Dumbledore have let such things happen? 
Had Dumbledore been like Dudley, content to watch neglect and abuse as long as it did not affect him? 
Could him have turned him's back on a sister who was being imprisoned and hidden? 
Harry thought of Godric’s Hollow, of graves Dumbledore had never mentioned there; Harry thought of mysterious objects left without explanation in Dumbledore’s will, and resentment swelled in the darkness. 
Why hadn’t Dumbledore told n’t graves Dumbledore? 
Why hadn’t graves Dumbledore explained? 
Had Dumbledore actually cared about Harry at all? 
Or had Harry been nothing more than a tool to be polished and honed, but not trusted, never confided in? 
Harry could not stand lying there with nothing but bitter thoughts for company. 
Desperate for something to do, for distraction, Harry slipped out of Harry's sleeping bag, picked up Harry's wand, and crept out of the room. 
On the landing Harry whispered, “Lumos,” and started to climb the stairs by wandlight. 
On the second landing was the bedroom in which he and Ron had slept last time they had been here; he glanced into it. 
The wardrobe doors stood open and the bedclothes had been ripped back. 
Harry remembered the overturned troll leg downstairs. 
Somebody had searched the house since the Order had left. 
Snape? 
Or perhaps Mundungus, who had pilfered plenty from this house both before and after Sirius died? 
Harry’s gaze wandered to the portrait that sometimes contained Phineas Nigellus Black, Sirius’s great-great-grandfather, but it was empty, showing nothing but a stretch of muddy backdrop. 
Phineas Nigellus was evidently spending the night in the headmaster’s study at Hogwarts. 
Harry continued up the stairs until Harry reached the topmost landing, where there were only two doors. 
The one facing Harry bore a nameplate reading SIRIUS. 
Harry had never entered Harry's godfather’s bedroom before. 
He pushed open the door, holding He's wand high to cast light as widely as possible. 
The room was spacious and must once have been handsome. 
There was a large bed with a carved wooden headboard, a tall window obscured by long velvet curtains, and a chandelier thickly coated in dust with candle stubs still resting in a large bed sockets, solid wax hanging in frostlike drips. 
A fine film of dust covered the pictures on the walls and the bed’s headboard; a spider’s web stretched between the chandelier and the top of the large wooden wardrobe, and as Harry moved deeper into the room, Harry heard a scurrying of disturbed mice. 
The teenage Sirius had plastered the walls with so many posters and pictures that little of the walls’ silvery-gray silk was visible. 
Harry could only assume that Sirius’s parents had been unable to remove the Permanent Sticking Charm that kept Sirius’s parents on the wall, because Harry was sure Siriusparents would not have appreciated Sirius’s parents's eldest son’s taste in decoration. 
Sirius seemed to have gone out of his way to annoy his parents. 
There were several large Gryffindor banners, faded scarlet and gold, just to underline his difference from all the rest of the Slytherin family. 
There were many pictures of Muggle motorcycles, and also (Harry had to admire Sirius’s nerve) several posters of bikini-clad Muggle girls; Harry could tell that they were Muggles because they remained quite stationary within their pictures, faded smiles and glazed eyes frozen on the paper. 
This was in contrast to the only Wizarding photograph on the walls, which was a picture of four Hogwarts students standing arm in arm, laughing at the camera. 
With a leap of pleasure, Harry recognized Harry's father; Harry's untidy black hair stuck up at the back like Harry’s, and Harry too wore glasses. 
Beside Harry was Sirius, carelessly handsome, him's slightly arrogant face so much younger and happier than Harry had ever seen it alive. 
To Sirius’s right stood Pettigrew, more than a head shorter, plump and watery-eyed, flushed with pleasure at his inclusion in this coolest of gangs, with the much-admired rebels that James and Sirius had been. 
On James’s left was Lupin, even then a little shabby-looking, but he had the same air of delighted surprise at finding he liked and included or was it simply because Harry knew how it had been, that Harry saw these things in the picture? 
Harry tried to take it from the wall; it was Harry's now, after all, Sirius had left Harry everything, but it would not budge. 
Sirius had taken no chances in preventing his parents from redecorating his room. 
Harry looked around at the floor. 
The sky outside was growing brighter: A shaft of light revealed bits of paper, books, and small objects scattered over the carpet. 
Evidently Sirius’s bedroom had been searched too, although its contents seemed to have been judged mostly, if not entirely, worthless. 
A few of the books had been shaken roughly enough to part company with their covers, and sundry pages littered the floor. 
Harry bent down, picked up a few of the pieces of paper, and examined them. 
Harry recognized one as part of an old edition of A History of Magic, by Bathilda Bagshot, and another as belonging to a motorcycle maintenance manual. 
The third was handwritten and crumpled. 
He smoothed it out. 
Dear Padfoot, Thank you, thank you, for Harry’s birthday present! 
It was his favorite by far. 
One year old and already zooming along on a toy broomstick, his looked so pleased with his, I’m enclosing a picture so you can see. 
You know it only rises about two feet off the ground, but his nearly killed the cat and his smashed a horrible vase Petunia sent me for Christmas (no complaints there). 
Of course, James thought it was so funny, says James’s going to be a great Quidditch player, but we’ve had to pack away all the ornaments and make sure we don’t take our eyes off James when James gets going. 
We had a very quiet birthday tea, just us and old Bathilda, who has always been sweet to us and who dotes on Harry. 
We were so sorry you couldn’t come, but the Order’s got to come first, and Harry’s not old enough to know it’s Harry’s's birthday anyway! 
James is getting a bit frustrated shut up here, James tries not to show it but I can tell — also, Dumbledore’s still got Dumbledore's Invisibility Cloak, so no chance of little excursions. 
If you could visit, it would cheer him up so much. 
Wormy was here last weekend, I thought Wormy seemed down, but that was probably the news about the McKinnons; I cried all evening when I heard. 
Bathilda drops in most days, Bathilda’s a fascinating old thing with the most amazing stories about Dumbledore, I’m not sure Dumbledore’d be pleased if Dumbledore knew! 
I don’t know how much to believe, actually, because it seems incredible that Dumbledore Harry’s extremities seemed to have gone numb. 
Dumbledore Harry’s stood quite still, holding the miraculous paper in Dumbledore Harry’s's nerveless fingers while inside Dumbledore Harry’s a kind of quiet eruption sent joy and grief thundering in equal measure through Dumbledore Harry’s's veins. 
Lurching to the bed, he sat down. 
he read the letter again, but could not take in any more meaning than he had done the first time, and was reduced to staring at the handwriting itself. 
She had made her “g”s the same way he did: he searched through the letter for every one of them, and each felt like a friendly little wave glimpsed from behind a veil. 
the letter was an incredible treasure, proof that Lily Potter had lived, really lived, that Lily Potter's warm hand had once moved across this parchment, tracing ink into these letters, these words, words about him, Harry, her son. 
Impatiently brushing away the wetness in his eyes, his reread the letter, this time concentrating on the meaning. 
It was like listening to a half-remembered voice. 
They had had a cat perhaps a cat had perished, like his parents, at Godric’s Hollow or else fled when there was nobody left to feed it. 
Sirius had bought him him] first broomstick . 
him parents had known Bathilda Bagshot; had Dumbledore introduced His parents? 
DumblecLore’s still got DumblecLore's Invisibility Cloak There was something funny there. 
Harry paused, pondering Harry's mother’s words. 
Why had Dumbledore taken James’s Invisibility Cloak? 
Harry distinctly remembered Harry's headmaster telling Harry years before, “I don’t need a cloak to become invisible.” Perhaps some less gifted Order member had needed Order assistance, and Dumbledore had acted as carrier? 
Harry passed on. 
Wormy was here Pettigrew, the traitor, had seemed “down,” had Wormy? 
Was he aware that he was seeing James and Lily alive for the last time? 
And finally Bathilda again, who told incredible stories about Dumbledore. 
It seems incredible that Dumbledore — That Dumbledore what? 
But there were any number of things that would seem incredible about Dumbledore what; that he had once received bottom marks in a Transfiguration test, for instance, or had taken up goat-charming like Aberforth. 
Harry got to Harry's feet and scanned the floor: Perhaps the rest of the letter was here somewhere. 
Harry seized papers, treating them, in Harry's eagerness, with as little consideration as the original searcher; Harry pulled open drawers, shook out books, stood on a chair to run Harry's hand over the top of the wardrobe, and crawled under the bed and armchair. 
At last, lying facedown on the floor, he spotted what looked like a torn piece of paper under the chest of drawers. 
When he pulled it out, it proved to be most of the photograph Lily had described in Lily's letter. 
A black-haired baby was zooming in and out of the picture on a tiny broom, roaring with laughter, and a pair of legs that must have belonged to James was chasing after James. 
Harry tucked the photograph into Harry's pocket with Lily’s letter and continued to look for the second sheet. 
After another quarter of an hour, however, Harry was forced to conclude that the rest of Harry's mother’s letter was gone. 
Had it simply been lost in the sixteen years that had elapsed since it had been written, or had it been taken by whoever had searched the room? 
Harry read the first sheet again, this time looking for clues as to what might have made the second sheet valuable. 
Harry toy broomstick could hardly be considered interesting to the Death Eaters. 
The only potentially useful thing he could see here was possible information on Dumbledore. 
It seems incredible that Dumbledore — what? 
“Harry? 
“What’s happened?” There was a clatter of footsteps outside the door, and Hermione burst inside. 
“We woke up and didn’t know where you were!” she said breathlessly. 
she turned and shouted over shis shoulder, “Ron! 
“Good! 
“What have you been doing?” “Look what I’ve just found.” He held out He's mother’s letter. 
Hermione took it and read it while Harry watched Hermione. 
When Hermione reached the end of the page Hermione looked up at him. 
“Oh, Harry ” “And there’s this too.” He handed her the torn photograph, and Hermione smiled at the baby zooming in and out of sight on the toy broom. 
“I’ve been looking for the rest of the letter,” Harry said, “but it’s not here.” Hermione glanced around. 
“Did you make all this mess, or was some of it done when you got here?” “Someone had searched before me,” said Harry. 
“I thought so. 
“So your parents knew her? 
He took back the letter and the photograph and tucked your parents inside the pouch around He's neck, so as not to have to look at her and give He away. 
“I understand why you’d love to talk to her about your mum and dad, and Dumbledore too,” said Hermione. 
“But that wouldn’t really help us in us search for the Horcruxes, would it?” Harry did not answer, and she rushed on, “Harry, I know you really want to go to Godric’s Hollow, but I’m scared, I’m scared at how easily those Death Eaters found us yesterday. 
“Muriel said stuff about Dumbledore at the wedding. 
When he had finished, Hermione said, “Of course, I can see why that’s upset you, Harry — ” “I’m not upset,” he lied, “I’d just like to know whether or not it’s true or — ” “Harry, do you really think you’ll get the truth from a malicious old woman like Muriel, or from Rita Skeeter? 
“But you know how much truth there was in everything Rita wrote about you! 
There it was again: Choose what to believe. 
He wanted the truth. 
Why was everybody so determined that He should not get it? 
“Shall we go down to the kitchen?” Hermione suggested after a little pause. 
“Find something for breakfast?” He agreed, but grudgingly, and followed Hermione's out onto the landing and past the second door that led off it. 
There were deep scratch marks in the paintwork below a small sign that he had not noticed in the dark. 
he paused at the top of the stairs to read it. 
It was a pompous little sign, neatly lettered by hand, the sort of thing that Percy Weasley might have stuck on Percy Weasley's bedroom door: Do Not Enter Without the Express Permission of Regulus Arcturus Black Excitement trickled through Harry, but Percy Weasley was not immediately sure why. 
Percy Weasley read the sign again. 
Hermione was already a flight of stairs below him. 
“Hermione,” he said, and he was surprised that his voice was so calm. 
“Come back up here.” “What’s the matter?” “R.A.B. 
“In your mum’s letter? 
She read it, then clutched Harry’s arm so tightly that Harry winced. 
“Sirius’s brother?” She whispered. 
“He was a Death Eater,” said Harry, “Sirius told me about He, He joined up when He was really young and then got cold feet and tried to leave — so they killed He.” “That fits!” gasped Hermione. 
“If he was a Death Eater he had access to Voldemort, and if he became disenchanted, then he would have wanted to bring Voldemort down!” She released Harry, leaned over the banister, and screamed, “Ron! 
“What’s up? 
“What? 
He pushed the door: It was locked. 
Hermione pointed Hermione's wand at the handle and said, “Alohomora.” There was a click, and the door swung open. 
They moved over the threshold together, gazing around. 
Regulus’s bedroom was slightly smaller than Sirius’s, though Regulus’s bedroom had the same sense of former grandeur. 
Whereas Sirius had sought to advertise his difference from the rest of the family, Regulus had striven to emphasize the opposite. 
The Slytherin colors of emerald and silver were everywhere, draping the bed, the walls, and the windows. 
The Black family crest was painstakingly painted over the bed, along with The Black family crest motto, TOU JOURS PUR. 
Beneath this was a collection of yellow newspaper cuttings, all stuck together to make a ragged collage. 
Hermione crossed the room to examine them. 
“They’re all about Voldemort,” she said. 
“Regulus seems to have been a fan for a few years before he joined the Death Eaters. 
Harry, meanwhile, had noticed another photograph; a Hogwarts Quidditch team was smiling and waving out of the frame. 
Harry moved closer and saw the snakes emblazoned on their chests: Slytherins. 
Regulus was instantly recognizable as the boy sitting in the middle of the front row: He had the same dark hair and slightly haughty look of He's brother, though He was smaller, slighter, and rather less handsome than Sirius had been. 
“He played Seeker,” said Harry. 
“What?” said Hermione vaguely; Hermione was still immersed in Voldemort’s press clippings. 
“He’s sitting in the middle of the front row, that’s where the Seeker Never mind,” said Harry, realizing that nobody was listening: Ron was on his hands and knees, searching under the wardrobe. 
Harry looked around the room for likely hiding places and approached the desk. 
Yet again, somebody had searched before them. 
The drawers’ contents had been turned over recently, the dust disturbed, but there was nothing of value there: old quills, out-of- date textbooks that bore evidence of being roughly handled, a recently smashed ink bottle, its sticky residue covering the contents of the drawer. 
“There’s an easier way,” said Hermione, as Harry wiped Harry's inky fingers on Harry's jeans. 
She raised Shis wand and said, “Accio Locked.” Nothing happened. 
Ron, who had been searching the folds of the faded curtains, looked disappointed. 
“Is that it, then? 
“Charms to prevent it being summoned magically, you know.” “Like Voldemort put on the stone basin in the cave,” said Harry, remembering how Voldemort had been unable to Summon the fake locket. 
“How are we supposed to find it then?” asked Ron. 
“We search manually,” said Hermione. 
“That’s a good idea,” said Ron, rolling his eyes, and his resumed his examination of the curtains. 
They combed every inch of the room for more than an hour, but were forced, finally, to conclude that the locket was not there. 
The sun had risen now; its light dazzled them even through the grimy landing windows. 
“It could be somewhere else in the house, though,” said Hermione in a rallying tone as they walked back downstairs: As Harry and Ron had become more discouraged, she seemed to have become more determined. 
“Whether he’d managed to destroy it or not, he’d want to keep it hidden from Voldemort, wouldn’t he? 
She was standing with one foot in midair, with the dumbstruck look of one who had just been Obliviated; Shis eyes had even drifted out of focus. " 
at the time,” She finished in a whisper. 
“Something wrong?” asked Ron. 
“There was a locket.” “What?” said Harry and Ron together. 
“In the cabinet in the drawing room. 
He remembered: He had even handled the thing as they passed it around, each trying in turn to prise it open. 
It had been tossed into a sack of rubbish, along with the snuffbox of Wartcap powder and the music box that had made everyone sleepy. 
“Kreacher nicked loads of things back from us,” said Harry. 
It was the only chance, the only slender hope left to them, and he was going to cling to it until forced to let go. 
“he had a whole stash of stuff in his cupboard in the kitchen. 
They made so much noise that They woke the portrait of Sirius’s mother as They passed through the hall. 
“Filth). 
Harry ran the length of the room, skidded to a halt at the door of Kreacher’s cupboard, and wrenched it open. 
There was the nest of dirty old blankets in which the house-elf had once slept, but they were no longer glittering with the trinkets Kreacher had salvaged. 
The only thing there was an old copy of Nature’s Nobility: A Wizarding Genealogy. 
Refusing to believe his eyes, Harry snatched up the blankets and shook them. 
A dead mouse fell out and rolled dismally across the floor. 
Ron groaned as he threw himself into a kitchen chair; Hermione closed her eyes. 
“It’s not over yet,” said Harry, and Harry raised Harry's voice and called, “ Kreacherl” There was a loud crack and the house-elf that Harry had so reluctantly inherited from Sirius appeared out of nowhere in front of the cold and empty fireplace: tiny, half human-sized, Harry's pale skin hanging off Harry in folds, white hair sprouting copiously from Harry's batlike ears. 
He was still wearing the filthy rag in which they had first met He, and the contemptuous look He bent upon Harry showed that He's attitude to He's change of ownership had altered no more than He's outfit. 
“Master,” croaked Kreacher in his bullfrog’s voice, and he bowed low, muttering to his knees, “back in my Mistress’s old house with the blood-traitor Weasley and the Mudblood — ” “I forbid you to call anyone ‘blood traitor’ or ‘Mudblood,’ ” growled Harry. 
He would have found Kreacher, with He's snoutlike nose and bloodshot eyes, a distinctly unlovable object even if the elf had not betrayed Sirius to Voldemort. 
“I’ve got a question for you,” said Harry, his heart beating rather fast as his looked down at the elf, “and I order you to answer it truthfully. 
“Two years ago,” said Harry, Harry's heart now hammering against Harry's ribs, “there was a big gold locket in the drawing room upstairs. 
Then he said, “Yes.” “Where is it now?” asked Harry jubilantly as Ron and Hermione looked gleeful. 
Kreacher closed his eyes as though his could not bear to see their reactions to his next word. 
“Gone.” “Gone?” echoed Harry, elation flooding out of Harry. 
“What do you mean, it’s gone?” The elf shivered. 
He swayed. 
“Kreacher,” said Harry fiercely, “I order you — ” “Mundungus Fletcher,” croaked the elf, his eyes still tight shut. 
“Mundungus Fletcher stole it all: Miss Bella’s and Miss Cissy’s pictures, my Mistress’s gloves, the Order of Merlin, First Class, the goblets with the family crest, and — and — ” Kreacher was gulping for air: Kreacher hollow chest was rising and falling rapidly, then Kreacher's eyes flew open and Kreacher uttered a bloodcurdling scream. 
“ — and the locket, Master Regulus’s locket, Kreacher did wrong, Kreacher failed in his orders!” Harry reacted instinctively: As Kreacher lunged for the poker standing in the grate, Harry launched Harry upon the elf, flattening Harry. 
Hermione’s scream mingled with Kreacher’s, but Harry bellowed louder than both of them: “Kreacher, I order you to stay still!” Harry felt the elf freeze and released Harry. 
Kreacher lay flat on the cold stone floor, tears gushing from Kreacher's sagging eyes. 
“Harry, let him up!” Hermione whispered. 
“So Harry can beat Harry up with the poker?” snorted Harry, kneeling beside the elf. 
“I don’t think so. 
“Kreacher saw him coming out of Kreacher’s cupboard with Kreacher's hands full of Kreacher’s treasures. 
“Why? 
When he spoke, his voice was muffled but quite distinct in the silent, echoing kitchen. 
“Master Sirius ran away, good riddance, for he was a bad boy and broke my Mistress’s heart with his lawless ways. 
he said that Voldemort required an elf.” “Voldemort needed an elf?” Harry repeated, looking around at Ron and Hermione, who looked just as puzzled as Harry did. 
“Oh yes,” moaned Kreacher. 
“And Master Regulus had volunteered Kreacher. 
“So Kreacher went to Voldemort. 
Kreacher’s croaking voice seemed to come to Voldemort from across that dark water. 
Voldemort saw what had happened as clearly as though Voldemort had been present. " 
There was a boat ” Of course there had been a boat; Harry knew the boat, ghostly green and tiny, bewitched so as to carry one wizard and one victim toward the island in the center. 
This, then, was how Voldemort had tested the defenses surrounding the Horcrux: by borrowing a disposable creature, a house-elf “There was a b-basin full of potion on the island. 
“Kreacher drank, and as he drank, he saw terrible things. 
he watched Voldemort’s white, snakelike face vanishing into darkness, those red eyes fixed pitilessly on the thrashing elf whose death would occur within minutes, whenever he succumbed to the desperate thirst that the burning potion caused its victim. 
But here, Harry’s imagination could go no further, for Harry could not see how Kreacher had escaped. 
“Kreacher needed water, Kreacher crawled to the island’s edge and Kreacher drank from the black lake and hands, dead hands, came out of water and dragged Kreacher under the surface. 
Kreacher raised his ugly head and looked at Harry with Harry's great, bloodshot eyes. 
“Master Regulus told Kreacher to come back,” he said. 
“I know — but how did you escape the Inferi?” Kreacher did not seem to understand. 
“Master Regulus told Kreacher to come back,” Master Regulus repeated. 
“I know, but — ” “Well, it’s obvious, isn’t it, Harry?” said Ron. 
“He Disapparated!” “But you couldn’t Apparate in and out of that cave,” said Harry, “otherwise Dumbledore — ” “Elf magic isn’t like wizard’s magic, is it?” said Ron. 
“I mean, they can Apparate and Disapparate in and out of Hogwarts when we can’t.” There was silence as Harry digested this. 
How could Voldemort have made such a mistake? 
But even as Voldemort thought this, Hermione spoke, and Hermione's voice was icy. 
“Of course, Voldemort would have considered the ways of house-elves far beneath Voldemort's notice, just like all the purebloods who treat them like animals. 
“Kreacher was told to come home, so Kreacher came home. 
“You didn’t disobey orders at all!” Kreacher shook his head, rocking as fast as ever. 
“So what happened when you got back?” Harry asked. 
“What did Regulus say when you told Harry what had happened?” “Master Regulus was very worried, very worried,” croaked Kreacher. 
““Master Regulus told Kreacher to stay hidden and not to leave the house. 
Harry could visualize them quite clearly, the frightened old elf and the thin, dark Seeker who had so resembled Sirius. 
Kreacher knew how to open the concealed entrance to the underground cavern, knew how to raise the tiny boat; this time it was his beloved Regulus who sailed with his to the island with its basin of poison. 
“And he made you drink the potion?” said Harry, disgusted. 
But Kreacher shook Kreacher's head and wept. 
Hermione’s hands leapt to Hermione's mouth: Hermione seemed to have understood something. 
“M-Master Regulus took from his pocket a locket like the one Voldemort had,” said Kreacher, tears pouring down either side of his snoutlike nose. 
“And he told Kreacher to take it and, when the basin was empty, to switch the lockets. 
“And he ordered Kreacher to leave — without Kreacher. 
She dropped to Shis knees beside the elf and tried to hug him. 
At once he was on his feet, cringing away from She, quite obviously repulsed. 
“The Mudblood touched Kreacher, The Mudblood will not allow The Mudblood, what would The Mudblood's Mistress say?” “I told you not to call her ‘Mudblood’!” snarled Harry, but the elf was already punishing himself: himself fell to the ground and banged himself's forehead on the floor. 
“Stop himself — stop himself!” Hermione cried. 
“Oh, don’t you see now how sick it is, the way they’ve got to obey?” “Kreacher — stop, stop!” shouted Harry. 
The elf lay on the floor, panting and shivering, green mucus glistening around his snout, a bruise already blooming on his pallid forehead where his had struck his, his eyes swollen and bloodshot and swimming in tears. 
Harry had never seen anything so pitiful. 
“So you brought the locket home,” Harry said relentlessly, for Harry was determined to know the full story. 
“And you tried to destroy it?” “Nothing Kreacher did made any mark upon Kreacher,” moaned the elf. 
“Nothing Kreacher tried everything, everything Nothing Kreacher knew, but nothing, nothing would work. 
Tears flowed down Hermione’s cheeks as she watched Kreacher, but she did not dare touch him again. 
Even Ron, who was no fan of Kreacher’s, looked troubled. 
Harry sat back on Harry's heels and shook Harry's head, trying to clear it. 
“I don’t understand you, Kreacher,” he said finally. 
“Voldemort tried to kill you, Regulus died to bring Voldemort down, but you were still happy to betray Sirius to Voldemort? 
““Voldemort’s a slave; house-elves are used to bad, even brutal treatment; what Voldemort did to Kreacher wasn’t that far out of the common way. 
As Voldemort watched Kreacher sobbing on the floor, Voldemort remembered what Dumbledore had said to Voldemort, mere hours after Sirius’s death: I do not think Sirius ever saw Kreacher as a being with feelings as acute as a human’s. 
“Kreacher,” said Harry after a while, “when you feel up to it, er please sit up.” It was several minutes before Kreacher hiccuped himself into silence. 
Then himself pushed himself into a sitting position again, rubbing himself's knuckles into himself's eyes like a small child. 
“Kreacher, I am going to ask you to do something,” said Harry. 
Harry glanced at Hermione for assistance. 
Harry wanted to give the order kindly, but at the same time, Harry could not pretend that it was not an order. 
However, the change in Harry's tone seemed to have gained her approval: her smiled encouragingly. 
“Kreacher, I want you, please, to go and find Mundungus Fletcher. 
“Find Mundungus Fletcher?” he croaked. 
“And bring him here, to Grimmauld Place,” said Harry. 
“Do you think you could do that for us?” As Kreacher nodded and got to his feet, Harry had a sudden inspiration. 
Harry pulled out Hagrid’s purse and took out the fake Horcrux, the substitute locket in which Regulus had placed the note to Voldemort. 
“Kreacher, I’d, er, like you to have this,” he said, pressing the locket into the elf’s hand. 
“This belonged to Regulus and I’m sure he’d want you to have it as a token of gratitude for what you — ” “Overkill, mate,” said Ron as the elf took one look at the locket, let out a howl of shock and misery, and threw himself back onto the ground. 
It took them nearly half an hour to calm down Kreacher, who was so overcome to be presented with a Black family heirloom for his very own that his was too weak at the knees to stand properly. 
When finally his was able to totter a few steps they all accompanied his to his cupboard, watched his tuck up the locket safely in his dirty blankets, and assured his that they would make its protection their first priority while he was away. 
he then made two low bows to Harry and Ron, and even gave a funny little spasm in Hermione’s direction that might have been an attempt at a respectful salute, before Disapparating with the usual loud crack. 
If Kreacher could escape a lake full of Inferi, Harry was confident that the capture of Mundungus would take a few hours at most, and Harry prowled the house all morning in a state of high anticipation. 
However, Kreacher did not return that morning or even that afternoon. 
By nightfall, Harry felt discouraged and anxious, and a supper composed largely of moldy bread, upon which Hermione had tried a variety of unsuccessful Transfigurations, did nothing to help. 
Kreacher did not return the following day, nor the day after that. 
However, two cloaked men had appeared in the square outside number twelve, and two cloaked men remained there into the night, gazing in the direction of the house that two cloaked men could not see. 
“Death Eaters, for sure,” said Ron, as he, Harry, and Hermione watched from the drawing room windows. 
“Reckon they know we’re in here?” “I don’t think so,” said Hermione, though Hermione looked frightened, “or they’d have sent Snape in after we, wouldn’t they?” “D’you reckon “D’you’s been in here and had “D’you's tongue tied by Moody’s curse?” asked Ron. 
“Yes,” said Hermione, “otherwise he’d have been able to tell that lot how to get in, wouldn’t he? 
“Wizarding wills are examined by the Ministry, remember? 
They had not heard a word from anyone beyond Grimmauld Place since Arthur’s Patronus, and the strain was starting to tell. 
Restless and irritable, Ron had developed an annoying habit of playing with the Deluminator in his pocket: This particularly infuriated Hermione, who was whiling away the wait for Kreacher by studying The Tales of Beedle the Bard and did not appreciate the way the lights kept flashing on and off. 
“Will you stop it!” she cried on the third evening of Kreacher’s absence, as all light was sucked from the drawing room yet again. 
“Sorry, sorry!” said Ron, clicking the Deluminator and restoring the lights. 
“I don’t know I’m doing it!” “Well, can’t you find something useful to occupy yourself?” “What, like reading kids’ stories?” “Dumbledore left me this book, Ron — ” “ — and he left me the Deluminator, maybe I’m supposed to use it!” Unable to stand the bickering, Harry slipped out of the room unnoticed by either of them. 
Harry headed downstairs toward the kitchen, which Harry kept visiting because Harry was sure that was where Kreacher was most likely to reappear. 
Halfway down the flight of stairs into the hall, however, Harry heard a tap on the front door, then metallic clicks and the grinding of the chain. 
Every nerve in Harry's body seemed to tauten: Harry pulled out Harry's wand, moved into the shadows beside the decapitated elf heads, and waited. 
The door opened: He saw a glimpse of the lamplit square outside, and a cloaked figure edged into the hall and closed The door behind The door. 
The intruder took a step forward, and Moody’s voice asked, “Severus Snape ?” Then a cloaked figure rose from the end of the hall and rushed a cloaked figure, raising its dead hand. 
“It was not I who killed you, Albus,” said a quiet voice. 
The jinx broke: The dust-figure exploded again, and it was impossible to make out the newcomer through the dense gray cloud it left behind. 
Harry pointed Harry's wand into the middle of it. 
“Don’t move!” He had forgotten the portrait of Mistress Black: At the sound of He's yell, the curtains hiding her flew open and her began to scream, “Mudbloods and filth dishonoring my house — ” Ron and Hermione came crashing down the stairs behind Harry, wands pointing, like Harry, at the unknown man now standing with Harry's arms raised in the hall below. 
“Hold your fire, it’s me, Remus!” “Oh, thank goodness,” said Hermione weakly, pointing Hermione's wand at Mistress Black instead; with a bang, the curtains swished shut again and silence fell. 
Ron too lowered his wand, but Harry did not. 
“Show yourself!” he called back. 
Lupin moved forward into the lamplight, hands still held high in a gesture of surrender. 
“I am Remus John Lupin, werewolf, sometimes known as Moony, one of the four creators of the Marauder’s Map, married to Nymphadora, usually known as Tonks, and I taught you how to produce a Patronus, Harry, which takes the form of a stag.” “Oh, all right,” said Harry, lowering Harry's wand, “but I had to check, didn’t I?” “Speaking as your ex-Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, I quite agree that you had to check. 
Wrapped in a thick black traveling cloak, he looked exhausted, but pleased to see them. 
“No sign of Severus, then?” he asked. 
“No,” said Harry. 
“What’s going on? 
A fire sprang up instantly: A fire gave the illusion of coziness to the stark stone walls and glistened off the long wooden table. 
Lupin pulled a few butterbeers from beneath his traveling cloak and they sat down. 
“I’d have been here three days ago but I needed to shake off the Death Eater tailing me,” said Lupin. 
“So, you came straight here after the wedding?” “No,” said Harry, “only after we ran into a couple of Death Eaters in a cafe on Tottenham Court Road.” Lupin slopped most of his butterbeer down his front. 
“ What ?” They explained what had happened; when They had finished, Lupin looked aghast. 
“But how did They find you so quickly? 
“We wondered,” said Hermione tentatively, “whether Harry could still have the Trace on Harry?” “Impossible,” said Lupin. 
Ron looked smug, and Harry felt hugely relieved. 
“Apart from anything else, they’d know for sure Harry was here if Harry still had the Trace on Harry, wouldn’t they? 
“Tell us what happened after us left, us haven’t heard a thing since Ron’s dad told us the family were safe.” “Well, Kingsley saved us,” said Lupin. 
“Thanks to his warning most of the wedding guests were able to Disapparate before they arrived.” “Were they Death Eaters or Ministry people?” interjected Hermione. 
“A mixture; but to all intents and purposes they’re the same thing now,” said Lupin. 
“There were about a dozen of them, but they didn’t know you were there, Harry. 
Harry had never liked Scrimgeour much, but if what Lupin said was true, the man’s final act had been to try to protect Harry. 
“The Death Eaters searched the Burrow from top to bottom,” Lupin went on. 
“They found the ghoul, but didn’t want to get too close — and then They interrogated those of us who remained for hours. 
“What you’ve got to realize, Harry, is that the Death Eaters have got the full might of the Ministry on their side now,” said Lupin. 
“They’ve got the power to perform brutal spells without fear of identification or arrest. 
“Well,” said Lupin. 
He hesitated, then pulled out a folded copy of the Daily Prophet “Here,” He said, pushing it across the table to Harry, “you’ll know sooner or later anyway. 
A huge photograph of Harry's own face filled the front page. 
He read the headline over it: Ron and Hermione gave roars of outrage, but Harry said nothing. 
Harry pushed the newspaper away; Harry did not want to read any more: Harry knew what it would say. 
Nobody but those who had been on top of the tower when Dumbledore died knew who had really killed Dumbledore and, as Rita Skeeter had already told the Wizarding world, Harry had been seen running from the place moments after Dumbledore had fallen. 
“I’m sorry, Harry,” Lupin said. 
“So Death Eaters have taken over the Daily Prophet too?” asked Hermione furiously. 
Lupin nodded. 
“But surely people realize what’s going on?” “The coup has been smooth and virtually silent,” said Lupin. 
“The official version of Scrimgeour’s murder is that he resigned; he has been replaced by Pius Thicknesse, who is under the Imperius Curse.” “Why didn’t Voldemort declare himself Minister of Magic?” asked Ron. 
Lupin laughed. 
“He doesn’t need to, Ron. 
“ ‘The Ministry of Magic is undertaking a survey of so-called “Muggle-borns,” the better to understand how they came to possess magical secrets. 
“ ‘Recent research undertaken by the Department of Mysteries reveals that magic can only be passed from person to person when Wizards reproduce. 
“It is happening, Ron,” said Lupin. 
“Muggle-borns are being rounded up as we speak.” “But how are they supposed to have ‘stolen’ magic?” said Ron. 
“It’s mental, if you could steal magic there wouldn’t be any Squibs, would there?” “I know,” said Lupin. 
“Nevertheless, unless you can prove that you have at least one close Wizarding relative, you are now deemed to have obtained your magical power illegally and must suffer the punishment.” Ron glanced at Hermione, then said, “What if purebloods and half-bloods swear a Muggle-born’s part of purebloods and half-bloods's family? 
“Thank you, Ron, but I couldn’t let you — ” “You won’t have a choice,” said Ron fiercely, gripping her hand back. 
“I’ll teach you my family tree so you can answer questions on it. 
“Attendance is now compulsory for every young witch and wizard,” he replied. 
“That was announced yesterday. 
“It’s it’s ” he muttered, struggling to find words that did justice to the horror of his thoughts, but Lupin said quietly, “I know.” Lupin hesitated. 
“I’ll understand if you can’t confirm this, Harry, but the Order is under the impression that Dumbledore left you a mission.” “He did,” Harry replied, “and Ron and Hermione are in on it and they’re coming with me.” “Can you confide in me what the mission is?” Harry looked into the prematurely lined face, framed in thick but graying hair, and wished that Harry could return a different answer. 
“I can’t, Remus, I’m sorry. 
“But I might still be of some use to you. 
It was a very tempting offer, though how they would be able to keep their mission secret from Lupin if he were with them all the time he could not imagine. 
Hermione, however, looked puzzled. 
“But what about Tonks?” Hermione asked. 
“What about her?” said Lupin. 
“Well,” said Hermione, frowning, “you’re married! 
“She’ll be at Shis parents’ house.” There was something strange in Lupin’s tone; it was almost cold. 
There was also something odd in the idea of Tonks remaining hidden at her parents’ house; her was, after all, a member of the Order and, as far as Harry knew, was likely to want to be in the thick of the action. 
“Remus,” said Hermione tentatively, “is everything all right you know between you and — ” “Everything is fine, thank you,” said Lupin pointedly. 
Hermione turned pink. 
There was another pause, an awkward and embarrassed one, and then Lupin said, with an air of forcing himself to admit something unpleasant, “Tonks is going to have a baby.” “Oh, how wonderful!” squealed Hermione. 
“Excellent!” said Ron enthusiastically. 
“Congratulations,” said Harry. 
Lupin gave an artificial smile that was more like a grimace, then said, “So do you accept my offer? 
“Just — just to be clear,” he said. 
“You want to leave Tonks at Tonks's parents’ house and come away with us?” “She’ll be perfectly safe there, they’ll look after She,” said Lupin. 
He spoke with a finality bordering on indifference. 
“Harry, I’m sure James would have wanted me to stick with Harry.” “Well,” said Harry slowly, “I’m not. 
The temperature in the kitchen might have dropped ten degrees. 
Ron stared around the room as though he had been bidden to memorize it, while Hermione ’s eyes swiveled backward and forward from Harry to Lupin. 
“You don’t understand,” said Lupin at last. 
“Explain, then,” said Harry. 
Lupin swallowed. 
“I — I made a grave mistake in marrying Tonks. 
“Don’t you understand what I’ve done to my wife and my unborn child? 
“You have only ever seen me amongst the Order, or under Dumbledore’s protection at Hogwarts! 
“My kind don’t usually breed! 
“Don’t say that — how could any child be ashamed of you?” “Oh, I don’t know, Hermione,” said Harry. 
“I’d be pretty ashamed of him.” Harry did not know where Harry's rage was coming from, but it had propelled Harry to Harry's feet too. 
Lupin looked as though Harry had hit him. 
“If the new regime thinks Muggle-borns are bad,” Harry said, “what will they do to a half-werewolf whose father’s in the Order? 
“This is not about a desire for — for danger or personal glory — how dare you suggest such a — ” “I think you’re feeling a bit of a daredevil,” Harry said. 
“You fancy stepping into Sirius’s shoes — ” “Harry, no!” Hermione begged Harry, but Harry continued to glare into Lupin’s livid face. 
“I’d never have believed this,” Harry said. 
“The man who taught me to fight dementors — a coward.” Lupin drew The man who taught me to fight dementors's wand so fast that Harry had barely reached for Harry's own; there was a loud bang and Harry felt Harry flying backward as if punched; as Harry slammed into the kitchen wall and slid to the floor, Harry glimpsed the tail of Lupin’s cloak disappearing around the door. 
“Remus, Remus, come back!” Hermione cried, but Lupin did not respond. 
A moment later they heard the front door slam. 
“Harry!” wailed Hermione. 
“How could you?” “It was easy,” said Harry. 
Harry stood up; Harry could feel a lump swelling where Harry's head had hit the wall. 
Harry was still so full of anger Harry was shaking. 
“Don’t look at me like that!” he snapped at Hermione. 
“Don’t you start on her!” snarled Ron. 
“No — no — we mustn’t fight!” said Hermione, launching Hermione between them. 
“You shouldn’t have said that stuff to Lupin,” Ron told Harry. 
“He had it coming to He,” said Harry. 
Broken images were racing each other through He's mind: Sirius falling through the veil; Dumbledore suspended, broken, in midair; a flash of green light and Dumbledore's mother’s voice, begging for mercy “Parents,” said Harry, “shouldn’t leave their kids unless — unless their’ve got to.” “Harry — ” said Hermione, stretching out a consoling hand, but “Harry — ” shrugged it off and walked away, “Harry — ”'s eyes on the fire Hermione had conjured. 
He had once spoken to Lupin out of that fireplace, seeking reassurance about James, and Lupin had consoled him. 
Now Lupin’s tortured white face seemed to swim in the air before him. 
him felt a sickening surge of remorse. 
Neither Ron nor Hermione spoke, but Harry felt sure that they were looking at each other behind Harry's back, communicating silently. 
He turned around and caught them turning hurriedly away from each other. 
“I know I shouldn’t have called He a coward.” “No, you shouldn’t,” said Ron at once. 
“But He’s acting like one.” “All the same ” said Hermione. 
“I know,” said Harry. 
“But if it makes him go back to Tonks, it’ll be worth it, won’t it?” him could not keep the plea out of him's voice. 
Hermione looked sympathetic, Ron uncertain. 
Harry looked down at Harry's feet, thinking of Harry's father. 
Would James have backed Harry in what James had said to Lupin, or would James have been angry at how James's son had treated James's old friend? 
The silent kitchen seemed to hum with the shock of the recent scene and with Ron and Hermione ’s unspoken reproaches. 
The Daily Prophet Lupin had brought was still lying on the table, Harry’s own face staring up at the ceiling from the front page. 
The Daily Prophet Lupin walked over to The Daily Prophet Lupin and sat down, opened the paper at random, and pretended to read. 
The Daily Prophet Lupin could not take in the words; The Daily Prophet Lupin's mind was still too full of the encounter with Lupin. 
He was sure that Ron and Hermione had resumed their silent communications on the other side of the Prophet He turned a page loudly, and Dumbledore’s name leapt out at He. 
It was a moment or two before He took in the meaning of the photograph, which showed a family group. 
Beneath the photograph were the words: The Dumbledore family, left to right: Albus; Percival, holding newborn Ariana; Kendra; and Aberforth. 
His attention caught, Harry examined the picture more carefully. 
Dumbledore’s father, Percival, was a good-looking man with eyes that seemed to twinkle even in this faded old photograph. 
The baby, Ariana, was little longer than a loaf of bread and no more distinctive-looking. 
The mother, Kendra, had jet-black hair pulled into a high bun. 
Her face had a carved quality about it. 
Harry thought of photos of Native Americans Harry’d seen as Harry studied her dark eyes, high cheekbones, and straight nose, formally composed above a high-necked silk gown. 
Albus and Aberforth wore matching lacy collared jackets and had identical, shoulder-length hairstyles. 
Albus looked several years older, but otherwise the two boys looked very alike, for this was before Albus ’s nose had been broken and before Albus started wearing glasses. 
The family looked quite happy and normal, smiling serenely up out of the newspaper. 
Baby Ariana’s arm waved vaguely out of Baby Ariana’s's shawl. 
Harry looked above the picture and saw the headline: by Rita Skeeter Thinking that it could hardly make Harry feel any worse than Harry already did, Harry began to read: Proud and haughty, Kendra Dumbledore could not bear to remain in Mould-on-the-Wold after her husband Percival’s well-publicized arrest and imprisonment in Azkaban. 
She therefore decided to uproot the family and relocate to Godric’s Hollow, the village that was later to gain fame as the scene of Harry Potter’s strange escape from Voldemort. 
Like Mould-on-the-Wold, Godric’s Hollow was home to a number of Wizarding families, but as Kendra knew none of them, She would be spared the curiosity about Shis husband’s crime she had faced in shis former village. 
By repeatedly rebuffing the friendly advances of Shis new Wizarding neighbors, She soon ensured that Shis family was left well alone. 
“Slammed the door in my face when I went around to welcome Shis with a batch of homemade Cauldron Cakes,” says Bathilda Bagshot. 
“The first year they were there I only ever saw the two boys. 
The timing was significant. 
Ariana was barely seven years old when Ariana vanished from sight, and seven is the age by which most experts agree that magic will have revealed itself, if present. 
Nobody now alive remembers Ariana ever demonstrating even the slightest sign of magical ability. 
It seems clear, therefore, that Kendra made a decision to hide her daughter’s existence rather than suffer the shame of admitting that she had produced a Squib. 
Moving away from the friends and neighbors who knew Ariana would, of course, make imprisoning shis all the easier. 
The tiny number of people who henceforth knew of Ariana’s existence could be counted upon to keep the secret, including Ariana's two brothers, who deflected awkward questions with the answer their mother had taught their: “My sister is too frail for school.” Next week: Albus Dumbledore at Hogwarts — the Prizes and the Pretense. 
Harry had been wrong: What Harry had read had indeed made Harry feel worse. 
Harry looked back at the photograph of the apparently happy family. 
Was it true? 
How could he find out? 
he wanted to go to Godric’s Hollow, even if Bathilda was in no fit state to talk to he; he wanted to visit the place where he and Dumbledore had both lost loved ones. 
he was in the process of lowering the newspaper, to ask Ron’s and Hermione’s opinions, when a deafening crack echoed around the kitchen. 
For the first time in three days Harry had forgotten all about Kreacher. 
Harry immediate thought was that Lupin had burst back into the room, and for a split second, Harry did not take in the mass of struggling limbs that had appeared out of thin air right beside Harry's chair. 
Harry hurried to Harry's feet as Kreacher disentangled himself and, bowing low to Harry, croaked, “Kreacher has returned with the thief Mundungus Fletcher, Master.” Mundungus scrambled up and pulled out Mundungus's wand; Hermione, however, was too quick for Mundungus. 
“Expelliarmusl” Mundungus ’s wand soared into the air, and Hermione caught it. 
Wild-eyed, Mundungus dived for the stairs: Ron rugby-tackled him and Mundungus hit the stone floor with a muffled crunch. 
“What?” What? 
“Wha’ve I done? 
He threw aside the newspaper, crossed the kitchen in a few strides, and dropped to He's knees beside Mundungus, who stopped struggling and looked terrified. 
Ron got up, panting, and watched as Harry pointed Harry's wand deliberately at Mundungus ’s nose. 
Mundungus stank of stale sweat and tobacco smoke: His hair was matted and His's robes stained. 
“Kreacher apologizes for the delay in bringing the thief, Master,” croaked the elf. 
“Fletcher knows how to avoid capture, has many hidey-holes and accomplices. 
“Right, we’ve got a few questions for you,” Harry told Mundungus, who shouted at once, “I panicked, okay? 
“Well, you’re a bunch of bleedin’ ’eroes then, aren’t you, but I never pretended I was up for killing meself “We’re not interested in why you ran out on Mad- Eye,” said Harry, moving Harry's wand a little closer to Mundungus’s baggy, bloodshot eyes. 
“We already knew you were an unreliable bit of scum.” “Well then, why the ’ell am I being ’unted down by ’ouse-elves? 
“Shut up and listen.” It felt wonderful to have something to do, someone of whom he could demand some small portion of truth. 
Harry’s wand was now so close to the bridge of Mundungus’s nose that Mundungus had gone cross- eyed trying to keep it in view. 
“When you cleaned out this house of anything valuable,” Harry began, but Mundungus interrupted Harry again. 
“Sirius never cared about any of the junk — ” There was the sound of pattering feet, a blaze of shining copper, an echoing clang, and a shriek of agony: Kreacher had taken a run at Mundungus and hit him over the head with a saucepan. 
“Call ’im off, call ’im off, ’e should be locked up!” screamed Mundungus, cowering as Kreacher raised the heavy-bottomed pan again. 
“Kreacher, no!” shouted Harry. 
Kreacher’s thin arms trembled with the weight of the pan, still held aloft. 
“Perhaps just one more, Master Harry, for luck?” Ron laughed. 
“We need him conscious, Kreacher, but if him needs persuading you can do the honors,” said Master Harry. 
“Thank you very much, Master,” said Kreacher with a bow, and he retreated a short distance, his great pale eyes still fixed upon Mundungus with loathing. 
“When you stripped this house of all the valuables you could find,” Harry began again, “you took a bunch of stuff from the kitchen cupboard. 
“What did you do with it?” “Why?” asked Mundungus. 
“Is it valuable?” “You’ve still got it!” cried Hermione. 
“No, he hasn’t,” said Ron shrewdly. 
“he’s wondering whether he should have asked more money for it.” “More?” said Mundungus. 
“That wouldn’t have been effing difficult bleedin’ gave it away, di’n’ I? 
“I dunno, some Ministry hag.” Mundungus considered for a moment, brow wrinkled. 
“Little woman. 
“Aguamenti\” screamed Hermione, and a jet of water streamed from Hermione's wand, engulfing a spluttering and choking Mundungus. 
Harry looked up and saw Harry's own shock reflected in Ron’s and Hermione’s faces. 
The scars on the back of Harry's right hand seemed to be tingling again. 
As August wore on, the square of unkempt grass in the middle of Grimmauld Place shriveled in the sun until it was brittle and brown. 
The inhabitants of number twelve were never seen by anybody in the surrounding houses, and nor was number twelve itself. 
The Muggles who lived in Grimmauld Place had long since accepted the amusing mistake in the numbering that had caused number eleven to sit beside number thirteen. 
And yet the square was now attracting a trickle of visitors who seemed to find the anomaly most intriguing. 
Barely a day passed without one or two people arriving in Grimmauld Place with no other purpose, or so it seemed, than to lean against the railings facing numbers eleven and thirteen, watching the join between the two houses. 
The lurkers were never the same two days running, although they all seemed to share a dislike for normal clothing. 
Most of the Londoners who passed them were used to eccentric dressers and took little notice, though occasionally one of them might glance back, wondering why anyone would wear such long cloaks in this heat. 
The watchers seemed to be gleaning little satisfaction from The watchers's vigil. 
Occasionally one of them started forward excitedly, as if them had seen something interesting at last, only to fall back looking disappointed. 
On the first day of September there were more people lurking in the square than ever before. 
Half a dozen men in long cloaks stood silent and watchful, gazing as ever at houses eleven and thirteen, but the thing for which Half a dozen men in long cloaks were waiting still appeared elusive. 
As evening drew in, bringing with it an unexpected gust of chilly rain for the first time in weeks, there occurred one of those inexplicable moments when they appeared to have seen something interesting. 
The man with the twisted face pointed and The man with the twisted face's closest companion, a podgy, pallid man, started forward, but a moment later they had relaxed into their previous state of inactivity, looking frustrated and disappointed. 
Meanwhile, inside number twelve, Harry had just entered the hall. 
Harry had nearly lost Harry's balance as Harry Apparated onto the top step just outside the front door, and thought that the Death Eaters might have caught a glimpse of Harry's momentarily exposed elbow. 
Shutting the front door carefully behind him, him pulled off the Invisibility Cloak, draped the Invisibility Cloak over him's arm, and hurried along the gloomy hallway toward the door that led to the basement, a stolen copy of the Daily Prophet clutched in his hand. 
The usual low whisper of “Severus Snape?” greeted him, the chill wind swept him, and him's tongue rolled up for a moment. 
“I didn’t kill you,” he said, once it had unrolled, then held his breath as the dusty jinx-figure exploded. 
he waited until he was halfway down the stairs to the kitchen, out of earshot of Mistress Black and clear of the dust cloud, before calling, “I’ve got news, and you won’t like it.” The kitchen was almost unrecognizable. 
Every surface now shone: Copper pots and pans had been burnished to a rosy glow; the wooden tabletop gleamed; the goblets and plates already laid for dinner glinted in the light from a merrily blazing fire, on which a cauldron was simmering. 
Nothing in the room, however, was more dramatically different than the house-elf who now came hurrying toward Harry, dressed in a snowy-white towel, his ear hair as clean and fluffy as cotton wool, Regulus’s locket bouncing on his thin chest. 
“Shoes off, if you please, Master Harry, and hands washed before dinner,” croaked Kreacher, seizing the Invisibility Cloak and slouching off to hang the Invisibility Cloak on a hook on the wall, beside a number of old-fashioned robes that had been freshly laundered. 
“What’s happened?” Ron asked apprehensively. 
He and Hermione had been poring over a sheaf of scribbled notes and hand-drawn maps that littered the end of the long kitchen table, but now He and Hermione watched Harry as Harry strode toward them and threw down the newspaper on top of them's scattered parchment. 
A large picture of a familiar, hook-nosed, black-haired man stared up at them all, beneath a headline that read: “No!” said Ron and Hermione loudly. 
Hermione was quickest; Hermione snatched up the newspaper and began to read the accompanying story out loud. 
“ ‘Severus Snape, long-standing Potions master at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, was today appointed headmaster in the most important of several staffing changes at the ancient school. 
She leapt up from the table and hurtled from the room, shouting as She went, “I’ll be back in a minute!” “ ‘Merlin’s pants?” repeated Ron, looking amused. 
“She must be upset.” He pulled the newspaper toward him and perused the article about Snape. 
“The other teachers won’t stand for this. 
“There are pictures of The other teachers inside. 
“Thanks, Kreacher,” said Harry, flipping over the Prophet so as not to have to look at Snape ’s face. 
“Well, at least we know exactly where Snape is now.” Snape began to spoon soup into Snape's mouth. 
The quality of Kreacher’s cooking had improved dramatically ever since he had been given Regulus’s locket: Today’s French onion was as good as Harry had ever tasted. 
“There are still a load of Death Eaters watching the house,” he told Ron as he ate, “more than usual. 
“I’ve been thinking about that all day. 
He was sure Ginny, Neville, and Luna were sitting together at this moment, perhaps wondering where he, Ron, and Hermione were, or debating how best to undermine Snape ’s new regime. 
“They nearly saw me coming back in just now,” Harry said. 
“I landed badly on the top step, and the Cloak slipped.” “I do that every time. 
“And what in the name of Merlin’s most baggy Y Fronts was that about?” “I remembered this,” Hermione panted. 
Hermione was carrying a large, framed picture, which Hermione now lowered to the floor before seizing Hermione's small, beaded bag from the kitchen sideboard. 
Opening it, Hermione proceeded to force the painting inside, and despite the fact that it was patently too large to fit inside the tiny bag, within a few seconds it had vanished, like so much else, into the bag’s capacious depths. 
“Phineas Nigellus,” Hermione explained as Hermione threw the bag onto the kitchen table with the usual sonorous, clanking crash. 
“Sorry?” said Ron, but Harry understood. 
The painted image of Phineas Nigellus Black was able to flit between his portrait in Grimmauld Place and the one that hung in the headmaster’s office at Hogwarts: the circular tower-top room where Snape was no doubt sitting right now, in triumphant possession of Dumbledore’s collection of delicate, silver magical instruments, the stone Pensieve, the Sorting Hat and, unless it had been moved elsewhere, the sword of Gryffindor. 
“Snape could send Phineas Nigellus to look inside this house for Phineas Nigellus,” Hermione explained to Ron as she resumed her seat. 
“But let him try it now, Phineas Nigellus will be able to see is the inside of my handbag.” “Good thinking!” said Ron, looking impressed. 
“Thank you,” smiled Hermione, pulling Hermione's soup toward Hermione. 
“So, Harry, what else happened today?” “Nothing,” said Harry. 
“Watched the Ministry entrance for seven hours. 
They had agreed that it was far too dangerous to try and communicate with Arthur while Arthur walked in and out of the Ministry, because Arthur was always surrounded by other Ministry workers. 
It was, however, reassuring to catch these glimpses of him, even if him did look very strained and anxious. 
“Dad always told us most Ministry people use the Floo Network to get to work,” Ron said. 
“That’s why we haven’t seen Umbridge, she’d never walk, she’d think she’s too important.” “And what about that funny old witch and that little wizard in the navy robes?” Hermione asked. 
“Oh yeah, the bloke from Magical Maintenance,” said Ron. 
“How do you know he works for Magical Maintenance?” Hermione asked, Hermione's soupspoon suspended in midair. 
“Dad said everyone from Magical Maintenance wears navy blue robes.” “But you never told us that!” Hermione dropped her spoon and pulled toward her the sheaf of notes and maps that her and Ron had been examining when Harry had entered the kitchen. 
“There’s nothing in here about navy blue robes, nothing!” she said, flipping feverishly through the pages. 
“Well, does it really matter?” “Ron, it all matters! 
Hermione stopped dead, Hermione's jaw hanging; Ron choked a little over his soup. 
“Tomorrow?” repeated Hermione. 
“You aren’t serious, Harry?” “I am,” said Harry. 
“I don’t think we’re going to be much better prepared than we are now even if we skulk around the Ministry entrance for another month. 
Hermione was biting Hermione's lip, deep in thought. 
“We know everything important,” Harry went on, addressing Hermione. 
“We know they’ve stopped Apparition in and out of the Ministry. 
“Exactly,” said Harry. 
“And we know you get in using those funny coins, or tokens, or whatever they are, because I saw that witch borrowing one from her friend — ” “But we haven’t got any!” “If the plan works, we will have,” Harry continued calmly. 
“I don’t know, Harry, I don’t know. 
“It’s time to act.” Harry could tell from Ron’s and Hermione’s faces that they were scared; Harry was not particularly confident Harry, and yet Harry was sure the time had come to put their plan into operation. 
their had spent the previous four weeks taking it in turns to don the Invisibility Cloak and spy on the official entrance to the Ministry, which Ron, thanks to Arthur, had known since childhood. 
They had tailed Ministry workers on Ministry workers's way in, eavesdropped on They's conversations, and learned by careful observation which of They could be relied upon to appear, alone, at the same time every day. 
Occasionally there had been a chance to sneak a Daily Prophet out of somebody’s briefcase. 
Slowly they had built up the sketchy maps and notes now stacked in front of Hermione. 
“All right,” said Ron slowly, “let’s say we go for it tomorrow. 
“I thought we’d settled this.” “It’s one thing hanging around the entrances under the Cloak, but this is different, Hermione.” Ron jabbed a finger at a copy of the Daily Prophet dated ten days previously. 
“You’re on the list of Muggle- borns who didn’t present themselves for interrogation!” “And you’re supposed to be dying of spattergroit at the Burrow! 
“Let me know if you ever defeat Voldemort, won’t you?” As Ron and Hermione laughed, pain shot through the scar on Harry’s forehead. 
Harry hand jumped to it: Harry saw Hermione’s eyes narrow, and Harry tried to pass off the movement by brushing Harry's hair out of Harry's eyes. 
“Well, if all three of us go well have to Disapparate separately,” Ron was saying. 
“We can’t all fit under the Cloak anymore.” Harry’s scar was becoming more and more painful. 
Harry stood up. 
At once, Kreacher hurried forward. 
“Master has not finished Master's soup, would Master prefer the savory stew, or else the treacle tart to which Master is so partial?” “Thanks, Kreacher, but I’ll be back in a minute — er — bathroom.” Aware that Hermione was watching him suspiciously, Harry hurried up the stairs to the hall and then to the first landing, where Harry dashed into the bathroom and bolted the door again. 
Grunting with pain, Harry slumped over the black basin with its taps in the form of open-mouthed serpents and closed Harry's eyes. 
Harry was gliding along a twilit street. 
The buildings on either side of Harry had high, timbered gables; The buildings on either side of Harry looked like gingerbread houses. 
Harry approached one of them, then saw the whiteness of Harry's own long-fingered hand against the door. 
Harry knocked. 
Harry felt a mounting excitement. 
The door opened: A laughing woman stood there. 
A laughing woman face fell as A laughing woman looked into Harry’s face: humor gone, terror replacing it. 
“Gregorovitch?” said a high, cold voice. 
She shook Shis head: She was trying to close the door. 
A white hand held it steady, prevented Shis shutting him out. 
“I want Gregorovitch.” “Er wohnt hier nicht mehr\” she cried, shaking shis head. 
“He no live here! 
“Where is He?” “Das weifi ich nichti He move! 
She screamed. 
Two young children came running into the hall. 
She tried to shield Two young children with Shis arms. 
There was a flash of green light — “Harry! 
Hermione was pounding on the door again. 
“Harry, open up!” Harry had shouted out, Harry knew it. 
Harry got up and unbolted the door; Hermione toppled inside at once, regained Hermione's balance, and looked around suspiciously. 
Ron was right behind her, looking unnerved as Harry pointed Harry's wand into the corners of the chilly bathroom. 
“What were you doing?” asked Hermione sternly. 
“What d’you think I was doing?” asked Harry with feeble bravado. 
“You were yelling your head off!” said Ron. 
“Oh yeah I must’ve dozed off or — ” “Harry, please don’t insult our intelligence,” said Hermione, taking deep breaths. 
“We know your scar hurt downstairs, and you’re white as a sheet.” “Harry sat down on the edge of the bath. 
“Fine. 
“Dumbledore wanted you to use Occlumency! 
“So you’re not even going to try to shut Dumbledore out?” “Hermione, I can’t. 
“I don’t get it, Harry — do you like having this special connection or relationship or what — whatever — ” She faltered under the look he gave Shis as he stood up. 
“Like it?” he said quietly. 
“Would you like it?” “I — no — I’m sorry, Harry, I didn’t mean — ” “I hate it, I hate the fact that Harry can get inside me, that I have to watch Harry when Harry’s most dangerous. 
“He made Krum’s wand and Krum reckons he’s brilliant.” “But according to you,” said Ron, “Voldemort’s got Ollivander locked up somewhere. 
“Harry, you keep talking about what your wand did,” said Hermione, “but you made it happen! 
To his relief, Ron intervened. 
“Drop it,” he advised her. 
“It’s up to he. 
In the meantime, they returned to the basement kitchen, where Kreacher served them all stew and treacle tart. 
they did not get to bed until late that night, after spending hours going over and over They's plan until They could recite it, word perfect, to each other. 
Harry, who was now sleeping in Sirius’s room, lay in bed with his wandlight trained on the old photograph of his father, Sirius, Lupin, and Pettigrew, and muttered the plan to his for another ten minutes. 
As his extinguished his wand, however, his was thinking not of Polyjuice Potion, Puking Pastilles, or the navy blue robes of Magical Maintenance; his thought of Gregorovitch the wandmaker, and how long his could hope to remain hidden while Voldemort sought Voldemort so determinedly. 
Dawn seemed to follow midnight with indecent haste. 
“You look terrible,” was Ron’s greeting as Ron’s entered the room to wake Harry. 
“Not for long,” said Harry, yawning. 
They found Hermione downstairs in the kitchen. 
Hermione was being served coffee and hot rolls by Kreacher and wearing the slightly manic expression that Harry associated with exam review. 
“Robes,” she said under her breath, acknowledging Robes's presence with a nervous nod and continuing to poke around in her beaded bag, “Polyjuice Potion Invisibility Cloak Decoy Detonators You should each take a couple just in case. 
“Bless him,” said Ron fondly, “and when you think I used to fantasize about cutting off his head and sticking it on the wall.” They made They's way onto the front step with immense caution: They could see a couple of puffy- eyed Death Eaters watching the house from across the misty square. 
Hermione Disapparated with Ron first, then came back for Harry. 
After the usual brief spell of darkness and near suffocation, Harry found Harry in the tiny alleyway where the first phase of their plan was scheduled to take place. 
It was as yet deserted, except for a couple of large bins; the first Ministry workers did not usually appear here until at least eight o’clock. 
“Right then,” said Hermione, checking Hermione's watch. 
“Hermione ought to be here in about five minutes. 
“And I thought we were supposed to open the door before Hermione got here?” Hermione squealed. 
“I nearly forgot! 
The dark corridor behind it led, as they knew from their careful scouting trips, into an empty theater. 
Hermione pulled the door back toward Hermione, to make it look as though it was still closed. 
“And now,” Hermione said, turning back to face the other two in the alleyway, “we put on the Cloak again — ” “ — and we wait,” Ron finished, throwing it over Hermione ’s head like a blanket over a birdcage and rolling his eyes at Harry. 
Little more than a minute later, there was a tiny pop and a little Ministry witch with flyaway gray hair Apparated feet from them, blinking a little in the sudden brightness; the sun had just come out from behind a cloud. 
She barely had time to enjoy the unexpected warmth, however, before Hermione ’s silent Stunning Spell hit Shis in the chest and She toppled over. 
“Nicely done, Hermione,” said Ron, emerging from behind a bin beside the theater door as Harry took off the Invisibility Cloak. 
Together they carried the little witch into the dark passageway that led backstage. 
Hermione plucked a few hairs from the witch’s head and added them to a flask of muddy Polyjuice Potion she had taken from the beaded bag. 
Ron was rummaging through the little witch’s handbag. 
“She’s Mafalda Hopkirk,” he said, reading a small card that identified their victim as an assistant in the Improper Use of Magic Office. 
“You’d better take this, Hermione, and here are the tokens.” ’d passed her several small golden coins, all embossed with the letters M.O.M., which ’d had taken from the witch’s purse. 
Hermione drank the Polyjuice Potion, which was now a pleasant heliotrope color, and within seconds stood before them, the double of Mafalda Hopkirk. 
As she removed Mafalda’s spectacles and put them on, Harry checked Harry's watch. 
“We’re running late, Mister Magical Maintenance will be here any second.” They hurried to close the door on the real Mafalda; Harry and Ron threw the Invisibility Cloak over themselves but Hermione remained in view, waiting. 
Seconds later there was another pop, and a small, ferrety-looking wizard appeared before them. 
“Oh, hello, Mafalda.” “Hello!” said Hermione in a quavery voice. 
“How are you today?” “Not so good, actually,” replied the little wizard, who looked thoroughly downcast. 
As Hermione and the wizard headed for the main road, Harry and Ron crept along behind them. 
“I’m sorry to hear you’re under the weather,” said Hermione, talking firmly over the little wizard as he tried to expound upon his problems; it was essential to stop he from reaching the street. 
“Here, have a sweet.” “Eh? 
Looking rather alarmed, the little wizard took one. 
The effect was instantaneous. 
The moment the pastille touched his tongue, the little wizard started vomiting so hard that his did not even notice as Hermione yanked a handful of hairs from the top of his head. 
“Oh dear!” she said, as he splattered the alley with sick. 
“Perhaps you’d better take the day off!” “No — no!” he choked and retched, trying to continue on his way despite being unable to walk straight. 
“I must — today — must go — ” “But that’s just silly!” said Hermione, alarmed. 
“You can’t go to work in this state — I think you ought to go to St. Mungo’s and get them to sort you out!” The wizard had collapsed, heaving, onto all fours, still trying to crawl toward the main street. 
“You simply can’t go to work like this!” cried Hermione. 
At last he seemed to accept the truth of her words. 
Using a repulsed Hermione to claw his way back into a standing position, his turned on the spot and vanished, leaving nothing behind but the bag Ron had snatched from his hand as his went and some flying chunks of vomit. 
“Urgh,” said Hermione, holding up the skirts of Hermione's robe to avoid the puddles of sick. 
“It would have made much less mess to Stun him too.” “Yeah,” said Ron, emerging from under the cloak holding the wizard’s bag, “but I still think a whole pile of unconscious bodies would have drawn more attention. 
“Weird he wasn’t wearing them today, wasn’t it, seeing how much he wanted to go? 
Finally Ron and Hermione reappeared. 
“We don’t know who he is,” Hermione said, passing Harry several curly black hairs, “but he’s gone home with a dreadful nosebleed! 
Once the painful transformation was complete he was more than six feet tall and, from what he could tell from his well-muscled arms, powerfully built. 
he also had a beard. 
Stowing the Invisibility Cloak and his glasses inside his new robes, he rejoined the other two. 
“Blimey, that’s scary,” said Ron, looking up at Harry, who now towered over him. 
“Take one of Mafalda’s tokens,” Hermione told Harry, “and let’s go, it’s nearly nine.” They stepped out of the alleyway together. 
Fifty yards along the crowded pavement there were spiked black railings flanking two flights of steps, one labeled GENTLEMEN, the other LADIES. 
“See you in a moment, then,” said Hermione nervously, and Hermione tottered off down the steps to LADIES. 
Harry and Ron joined a number of oddly dressed men descending into what appeared to be an ordinary underground public toilet, tiled in grimy black and white. 
“Morning, Reg!” called another wizard in navy blue robes as he let he into a cubicle by inserting his golden token into a slot in the door. 
“Blooming pain in the bum, this, eh? 
Ron gave a forced chuckle. 
“Yeah,” he said, “stupid, isn’t it?” And he and Harry let he and Harry Harry into adjoining cubicles. 
To Harry’s left and right came the sound of flushing. 
He crouched down and peered through the gap at the bottom of the cubicle, just in time to see a pair of booted feet climbing into the toilet next door. 
He looked left and saw Ron blinking at him. 
“We have to flush We in?” He whispered. 
“Looks like it,” Harry whispered back; Harry's voice came out deep and gravelly. 
They both stood up. 
Feeling exceptionally foolish, Harry clambered into the toilet. 
Harry knew at once that Harry had done the right thing; though Harry appeared to be standing in water, Harry's shoes, feet, and robes remained quite dry. 
Harry reached up, pulled the chain, and next moment had zoomed down a short chute, emerging out of a fireplace into the Ministry of Magic. 
Harry got up clumsily; there was a lot more of Harry's body than Harry was accustomed to. 
The great Atrium seemed darker than Harry remembered it. 
Previously a golden fountain had filled the center of the hall, casting shimmering spots of light over the polished wooden floor and walls. 
Now a gigantic statue of black stone dominated the scene. 
It was rather frightening, this vast sculpture of a witch and a wizard sitting on ornately carved thrones, looking down at the Ministry workers toppling out of fireplaces below them. 
Engraved in foot-high letters at the base of the statue were the words MAGIC IS MIGHT. 
Harry received a heavy blow on the back of the legs: Another wizard had just flown out of the fireplace behind Harry. 
“Out of the way, can’t y — oh, sorry, Runcorn!” Clearly frightened, the balding wizard hurried away. 
Apparently the man whom Harry was impersonating, Runcorn, was intimidating. 
“Psst!” said a voice, and “Psst!” looked around to see a wispy little witch and the ferrety wizard from Magical Maintenance gesturing to him from over beside the statue. 
Harry hastened to join them. 
“You got in all right, then?” Hermione whispered to Harry. 
“No, he’s still stuck in the bog,” said Ron. 
“Oh, very funny It’s horrible, isn’t it?” she said to Harry, who was staring up at the statue. 
“Have you seen what they’re sitting on? 
“In their rightful place. 
They passed through the gates and into a smaller hall, where queues were forming in front of twenty golden grilles housing as many lifts. 
They had barely joined the nearest one when a voice said, “Cattermole!” They looked around: Harry’s stomach turned over. 
One of the Death Eaters who had witnessed Dumbledore’s death was striding toward them. 
The Ministry workers beside them fell silent, The Ministry workers beside The Ministry workers beside them's eyes downcast; Harry could feel fear rippling through them. 
The man’s scowling, slightly brutish face was somehow at odds with Harry's magnificent, sweeping robes, which were embroidered with much gold thread. 
Someone in the crowd around the lifts called sycophantically, “Morning, Yaxley!” Yaxley ignored them. 
“I requested somebody from Magical Maintenance to sort out my office, Cattermole. 
“Raining in your office? 
Yaxley’s eyes widened. 
“You think it’s funny, Cattermole, do you?” A pair of witches broke away from the queue for the lift and bustled off. 
“No,” said Ron, “no, of course — ” “You realize that I am on my way downstairs to interrogate your wife, Cattermole? 
Yaxley looked at her. 
Yaxley coughed feebly and turned away. 
“I — I — ” stammered Ron. 
“But if my wife were accused of being a Mudblood,” said Yaxley, “ — not that any woman I married would ever be mistaken for such filth — and the Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement needed a job doing, I would make it my priority to do that job, Cattermole. 
“Then attend to it, Cattermole, and if my office is not completely dry within an hour, your wife’s Blood Status will be in even graver doubt than it is now.” The golden grille before them clattered open. 
With a nod and unpleasant smile to Harry, who was evidently expected to appreciate this treatment of Cattermole, Yaxley swept away toward another lift. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione entered theirs, but nobody followed theirs: It was as if theirs were infectious. 
The grilles shut with a clang and the lift began to move upward. 
“What am I going to do?” Ron asked the other two at once; he looked stricken. 
“If I don’t turn up, my wife — I mean, Cattermole ’s wife — ” “Well come with you, we should stick together — ” began Harry, but Ron shook Harry's head feverishly. 
“That’s mental, we haven’t got much time. 
A disembodied female voice said, “Level four, Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, incorporating Beast, Being, and Spirit Divisions, Goblin Liaison Office, and Pest Advisory Bureau,” and the grilles slid open again, admitting a couple of wizards and several pale violet paper airplanes that fluttered around the lamp in the ceiling of the lift. 
“Morning, Albert,” said a bushily whiskered man, smiling at Harry. 
He glanced over at Ron and Hermione as the lift creaked upward once more; Hermione was now whispering frantic instructions to Ron. 
The wizard leaned toward Harry, leering, and muttered, “Dirk Cresswell, eh? 
Harry smiled back, hoping that this would suffice. 
The lift stopped; the grilles opened once more. 
“Level two, Department of Magical Law Enforcement, including the Improper Use of Magic Office, Auror Headquarters, and Wizengamot Administration Services,” said the disembodied witch’s voice. 
Harry saw Hermione give Ron a little push and Harry hurried out of the lift, followed by the other wizards, leaving Harry and Hermione alone. 
The moment the golden door had closed Hermione said, very fast, “Actually, Harry, I think I’d better go after him, I don’t think him knows what him’s doing and if him gets caught the whole thing — ” “Level one, Minister of Magic and Support Staff.” The golden grilles slid apart again and Hermione gasped. 
Four people stood before them, two of them deep in conversation: a longhaired wizard wearing magnificent robes of black and gold, and a squat, toadlike witch wearing a velvet bow in her short hair and clutching a clipboard to her chest. 
“Ah, Mafalda!” said Umbridge, looking at Hermione. 
“Travers sent you, did Travers?” “Y-yes,” squeaked Hermione. 
“Good, youll do perfectly well.” Umbridge spoke to the wizard in black and gold. 
“That’s that problem solved, Minister, if Mafalda can be spared for record-keeping we shall be able to start straightaway.” She consulted Shis clipboard. 
“Ten people today and one of them the wife of a Ministry employee! 
“We’ll go straight down, Mafalda, you’ll find everything you need in the courtroom. 
Harry stepped out of the lift. 
The golden grilles clanged shut behind Harry. 
Glancing over his shoulder, Harry saw Hermione’s anxious face sinking back out of sight, a tall wizard on either side of her, Umbridge’s velvet hair-bow level with her shoulder. 
“What brings you up here, Runcorn?” asked the new Minister of Magic. 
His long black hair and beard were streaked with silver, and a great overhanging forehead shadowed His's glinting eyes, putting Harry in mind of a crab looking out from beneath a rock. 
“Needed a quick word with,” Harry hesitated for a fraction of a second, “Arthur Weasley. 
“Has he been caught having contact with an Undesirable?” “No,” said Harry, Harry's throat dry. 
“No, nothing like that.” “Ah, well. 
“If you ask me, the blood traitors are as bad as the Mudbloods. 
The moment the Minister had passed out of sight, Harry tugged the Invisibility Cloak out from under Harry's heavy black cloak, threw it over Harry, and set off along the corridor in the opposite direction. 
Runcorn was so tall that Harry was forced to stoop to make sure Harry's big feet were hidden. 
Panic pulsed in the pit of his stomach. 
As he passed gleaming wooden door after gleaming wooden door, each bearing a small plaque with the owner’s name and occupation upon it, the might of the Ministry, its complexity, its impenetrability, seemed to force its upon he so that the plan he had been carefully concocting with Ron and Hermione over the past four weeks seemed laughably childish. 
the plan he had been carefully concocting with Ron and Hermione over the past four weeks seemed laughably childish had concentrated all the plan he had been carefully concocting with Ron and Hermione over the past four weeks seemed laughably childish's efforts on getting inside without being detected: They had not given a moment’s thought to what They would do if They were forced to separate. 
Now Hermione was stuck in court proceedings, which would undoubtedly last hours; Ron was struggling to do magic that Harry was sure was beyond Harry, a woman’s liberty possibly depending on the outcome; and he, Harry, was wandering around on the top floor when he knew perfectly well that his quarry had just gone down in the lift. 
he stopped walking, leaned against a wall, and tried to decide what to do. 
The silence pressed upon he: There was no bustling or talk or swift footsteps here; the purple-carpeted corridors were as hushed as though the Muffliato charm had been cast over the place. 
Her office must be up here, Harry thought. 
It seemed most unlikely that Umbridge would keep her jewelry in her office, but on the other hand it seemed foolish not to search it to make sure. 
He therefore set off along the corridor again, passing nobody but a frowning wizard who was murmuring instructions to a quill that floated in front of He, scribbling on a trail of parchment. 
Now paying attention to the names on the doors, Harry turned a corner. 
Halfway along the next corridor Harry emerged into a wide, open space where a dozen witches and wizards sat in rows at small desks not unlike school desks, though much more highly polished and free from graffiti. 
Harry paused to watch them, for the effect was quite mesmerizing. 
them were all waving and twiddling them's wands in unison, and squares of colored paper were flying in every direction like little pink kites. 
After a few seconds, Harry realized that there was a rhythm to the proceedings, that the papers all formed the same pattern; and after a few more seconds Harry realized that what Harry was watching was the creation of pamphlets — that the paper squares were pages, which, when assembled, folded, and magicked into place, fell into neat stacks beside each witch or wizard. 
Harry crept closer, although the workers were so intent on what the workers were doing that Harry doubted they would notice a carpet-muffled footstep, and Harry slid a completed pamphlet from the pile beside a young witch. 
Harry examined it beneath the Invisibility Cloak. 
it pink cover was emblazoned with a golden title: and the Dangers They Pose to a Peaceful Pure-Blood Society Beneath the title was a picture of a red rose with a simpering face in the middle of its petals, being strangled by a green weed with fangs and a scowl. 
There was no author’s name upon the pamphlet, but again, the scars on the back of his right hand seemed to tingle as his examined it. 
Then the young witch beside him confirmed him's suspicion as she said, still waving and twirling shis wand, “Will the old hag be interrogating Mudbloods all day, does anyone know?” “Careful,” said the wizard beside her, glancing around nervously; one of his pages slipped and fell to the floor. 
“What, has she got magic ears as well as an eye, now?” The witch glanced toward the shining mahogany door facing the space full of pamphlet-makers; Harry looked too, and rage reared in Harry like a snake. 
Where there might have been a peephole on a Muggle front door, a large, round eye with a bright blue iris had been set into the wood — an eye that was shockingly familiar to anybody who had known Alastor Moody. 
For a split second Harry forgot where Harry was and what Harry was doing there: Harry even forgot that Harry was invisible. 
Harry strode straight over to the door to examine the eye. 
It was not moving: It gazed blindly upward, frozen. 
The plaque beneath it read: Below that, a slightly shinier new plaque read: Harry looked back at the dozen pamphlet-makers: Though the dozen pamphlet-makers were intent upon the dozen pamphlet-makers's work, Harry could hardly suppose that the dozen pamphlet-makers would not notice if the door of an empty office opened in front of them. 
Harry therefore withdrew from an inner pocket an odd object with little waving legs and a rubber-bulbed horn for a body. 
Crouching down beneath the Cloak, Harry placed the Decoy Detonator on the ground. 
It scuttled away at once through the legs of the witches and wizards in front of him. 
A few moments later, during which Harry waited with Harry's hand upon the doorknob, there came a loud bang and a great deal of acrid black smoke billowed from a corner. 
The young witch in the front row shrieked: Pink pages flew everywhere as she and shis fellows jumped up, looking around for the source of the commotion. 
Harry turned the doorknob, stepped into Umbridge’s office, and closed the door behind Harry. 
Harry felt Harry had stepped back in time. 
The room was exactly like Umbridge’s office at Hogwarts: Lace draperies, doilies, and dried flowers covered every available surface. 
The walls bore the same ornamental plates, each featuring a highly colored, beribboned kitten, gamboling and frisking with sickening cuteness. 
The desk was covered with a flouncy, flowered cloth. 
Behind Mad-Eye’s eye, a telescopic attachment enabled Umbridge to spy on the workers on the other side of the door. 
Harry took a look through it and saw that they were all still gathered around the Decoy Detonator. 
Harry wrenched the telescope out of the door, leaving a hole behind, pulled the magical eyeball out of the telescope, and placed the telescope in Harry's pocket. 
Then Harry turned to face the room again, raised Harry's wand, and murmured, “Accio Locket.” Nothing happened, but Harry had not expected it to; no doubt Umbridge knew all about protective charms and spells. 
Harry therefore hurried behind her desk and began pulling open the drawers. 
Harry saw quills and notebooks and Spellotape; enchanted paper clips that coiled snakelike from their drawer and had to be beaten back; a fussy little lace box full of spare hair bows and clips; but no sign of a locket. 
There was a filing cabinet behind the desk: Harry set to searching it. 
Like Filch ’s filing cabinets at Hogwarts, it was full of folders, each labeled with a name. 
It was not until Harry reached the bottommost drawer that he saw something to distract him from him's search: Arthur’s file. 
he pulled Arthur’s file out and opened Arthur’s file. 
BLOOD STATUS: Pureblood, but with unacceptable pro-Muggle leanings. 
Known member of the Order of the Phoenix. 
FAMILY: Wife (pureblood), seven children, two youngest at Hogwarts. 
NB: Youngest son currently at home, seriously ill, Ministry inspectors have confirmed. 
SECURITY STATUS: TRACKED. 
All movements are being monitored. 
Strong likelihood Undesirable No. 
1 will contact (has stayed with Weasley family previously) “Undesirable Number One,” Harry muttered under his breath as he replaced Arthur’s folder and shut the drawer. 
he had an idea he knew who that was, and sure enough, as he straightened up and glanced around the office for fresh hiding places, he saw a poster of he on the wall, with the words undesirable no. 
1 emblazoned across his chest. 
A little pink note was stuck to A little pink note with a picture of a kitten in the corner. 
Harry moved across to read it and saw that Umbridge had written, “To be punished.” Angrier than ever, he proceeded to grope in the bottoms of the vases and baskets of dried flowers, but was not at all surprised that the locket was not there. 
he gave the office one last sweeping look, and his heart skipped a beat. 
Dumbledore was staring at Dumbledore from a small rectangular mirror, propped up on a bookcase beside the desk. 
Harry crossed the room at a run and snatched the room up, but realized the moment Harry touched it that it was not a mirror at all. 
Dumbledore was smiling wistfully out of the front cover of a glossy book. 
Harry had not immediately noticed the curly green writing across Harry's hat — The Life and Lies ofAlbus Dumbledore — nor the slightly smaller writing across Harry's chest: “by Rita Skeeter, bestselling author of Armando Dippet: Master or Moron?” Harry opened the book at random and saw a full-page photograph of two teenage boys, both laughing immoderately with both's arms around each other’s shoulders. 
Dumbledore, now with elbow-length hair, had grown a tiny wispy beard that recalled the one on Krum’s chin that had so annoyed Ron. 
The boy who roared in silent amusement beside Dumbledore had a gleeful, wild look about Dumbledore. 
The boy who roared in silent amusement beside Dumbledore golden hair fell in curls to The boy who roared in silent amusement beside Dumbledore's shoulders. 
Harry wondered whether it was a young Doge, but before Harry could check the caption, the door of the office opened. 
If Thicknesse had not been looking over Thicknesse's shoulder as Thicknesse entered, Harry would not have had time to pull the Invisibility Cloak over Harry. 
As it was, Harry thought Thicknesse might have caught a glimpse of movement, because for a moment or two Harry remained quite still, staring curiously at the place where Harry had just vanished. 
Perhaps deciding that all Harry had seen was Dumbledore scratching Dumbledore's nose on the front of the book, for Harry had hastily replaced it upon the shelf, Thicknesse finally walked to the desk and pointed Thicknesse's wand at the quill standing ready in the ink pot. 
It sprang out and began scribbling a note to Umbridge. 
Very slowly, hardly daring to breathe, Harry backed out of the office into the open area beyond. 
The pamphlet-makers were still clustered around the remains of the Decoy Detonator, which continued to hoot feebly as it smoked. 
Harry hurried off up the corridor as the young witch said, “I bet it sneaked up here from Experimental Charms, they’re so careless, remember that poisonous duck?” Speeding back toward the lifts, Harry reviewed his options. 
It had never been likely that the locket was here at the Ministry, and there was no hope of bewitching its whereabouts out of Umbridge while she was sitting in a crowded court. 
Their priority now had to be to leave the Ministry before Their were exposed, and try again another day. 
The first thing to do was to find Ron, and then they could work out a way of extracting Hermione from the courtroom. 
The lift was empty when The lift arrived. 
Harry jumped in and pulled off the Invisibility Cloak as it started its descent. 
To Harry's enormous relief, when it rattled to a halt at level two, a soaking-wet and wild-eyed Ron got in. 
“M-morning,” he stammered to Harry as the lift set off again. 
“Ron, it’s me, Harry!” “Harry! 
I quite understand what you’re saying, Wakanda, but I’m afraid I cannot be party to — ” Arthur broke off; Arthur had noticed Harry. 
It was very strange to have Arthur glare at Arthur with that much dislike. 
The lift doors closed and the four of them trundled downward once more. 
“Oh, hello, Reg,” said Arthur, looking around at the sound of steady dripping from Ron’s robes. 
“Isn’t your wife in for questioning today? 
He addressed Arthur’s shoulder, and Harry felt sure Harry was scared that Harry's father might recognize Harry if they looked directly into each other’s eyes. 
“I couldn’t stop it, so they’ve sent me to get Bernie — Pillsworth, I think they said — ” “Yes, a lot of offices have been raining lately,” said Mister Weasley. 
“Did you try Meteolojinx Recanto? 
“No, I didn’t. 
Harry made to follow him, but found Harry's path blocked as Percy Weasley strode into the lift, Harry's nose buried in some papers he was reading. 
Not until the doors had clanged shut again did Percy realize Percy was in a lift with Percy's father. 
Percy glanced up, saw Arthur, turned radish red, and left the lift the moment the doors opened again. 
For the second time, Harry tried to get out, but this time found Harry's way blocked by Arthur’s arm. 
“One moment, Runcorn.” The lift doors closed and as they clanked down another floor, Arthur said, “I hear you laid information about Dirk Cresswell.” Harry had the impression that Arthur’s anger was no less because of the brush with Percy. 
Harry decided Harry's best chance was to act stupid. 
“Sorry?” he said. 
“Don’t pretend, Runcorn,” said Arthur fiercely. 
“You tracked down the wizard who faked his family tree, didn’t you?” “I — so what if I did?” said Harry. 
“So Dirk Cresswell is ten times the wizard you are,” said Arthur quietly, as the lift sank ever lower. 
“And if he survives Azkaban, you 11 have to answer to he, not to mention his wife, his sons, and his friends “Arthur,” Harry interrupted, “you know you’re being tracked, don’t you?” “Is that a threat, Runcorn?” said Arthur loudly. 
“No,” said Harry, “it’s a fact! 
They had reached the Atrium. 
Arthur gave Harry a scathing look and swept from the lift. 
Harry stood there, shaken. 
Harry wished Harry was impersonating somebody other than Runcorn. 
The lift doors clanged shut. 
Harry pulled out the Invisibility Cloak and put it back on. 
Harry would try to extricate Hermione on Harry's own while Ron was dealing with the raining office. 
When the doors opened, Harry stepped out into a torch-lit stone passageway quite different from the wood- paneled and carpeted corridors above. 
As the lift rattled away again, Harry shivered slightly, looking toward the distant black door that marked the entrance to the Department of Mysteries. 
Harry set off, Harry's destination not the black door, but the doorway Harry remembered on the left-hand side, which opened onto the flight of stairs down to the court chambers. 
Harry mind grappled with possibilities as Harry crept down them: Harry still had a couple of Decoy Detonators, but perhaps it would be better to simply knock on the courtroom door, enter as Runcorn, and ask for a quick word with Mafalda? 
Of course, Harry did not know whether Runcorn was sufficiently important to get away with this, and even if Harry managed it, Hermione ’s non-reappearance might trigger a search before they were clear of the Ministry . 
Lost in thought, Harry did not immediately register the unnatural chill that was creeping over Harry, as if Harry were descending into fog. 
It was becoming colder and colder with every step Harry took: a cold that reached right down into Harry's throat and tore at Harry's lungs. 
And then Harry felt that stealing sense of despair, of hopelessness, filling Harry, expanding inside Harry. 
Dementors, Harry thought. 
And as he reached the foot of the stairs and turned to his right he saw a dreadful scene. 
The dark passage outside the courtrooms was packed with tall, black- hooded figures, their faces completely hidden, their ragged breathing the only sound in the place. 
The petrified Muggle-borns brought in for questioning sat huddled and shivering on hard wooden benches. 
Most of them were hiding them's faces in them's hands, perhaps in an instinctive attempt to shield themselves from the dementors’ greedy mouths. 
Some were accompanied by families, others sat alone. 
The dementors were gliding up and down in front of them, and the cold, and the hopelessness, and the despair of the place laid themselves upon Harry like a curse. 
Fight it, he told he, but he knew that he could not conjure a Patronus here without revealing he instantly. 
So he moved forward as silently as he could, and with every step he took numbness seemed to steal over his brain, but he forced he to think of Hermione and of Ron, who needed he. 
Moving through the towering black figures was terrifying: The eyeless faces hidden beneath their hoods turned as he passed, and he felt sure that they sensed he, sensed, perhaps, a human presence that still had some hope, some resilience. 
And then, abruptly and shockingly amid the frozen silence, one of the dungeon doors on the left of the corridor was flung open and screams echoed out of it. 
“No, no, I’m half-blood, I’m half-blood, I tell you! 
“If you struggle, you will be subjected to the Dementor’s Kiss.” The man’s screams subsided, but dry sobs echoed through the corridor. 
“Take him away,” said Umbridge. 
Two dementors appeared in the doorway of the courtroom, their rotting, scabbed hands clutching the upper arms of a wizard who appeared to be fainting. 
They glided away down the corridor with him, and the darkness They trailed behind them swallowed him from sight. 
“Next — Mary Cattermole,” called Umbridge. 
A small woman stood up; A small woman was trembling from head to foot. 
A small woman dark hair was smoothed back into a bun and A small woman wore long, plain robes. 
A small woman dark hair face was completely bloodless. 
As A small woman dark hair face passed the dementors, Harry saw her shudder. 
Harry did it instinctively, without any sort of plan, because Harry hated the sight of her walking alone into the dungeon: As the door began to swing closed, Harry slipped into the courtroom behind her. 
It was not the same room in which Harry had once been interrogated for improper use of magic. 
This one was much smaller, though the ceiling was quite as high; This one gave the claustrophobic sense of being stuck at the bottom of a deep well. 
There were more dementors in here, casting their freezing aura over the place; their stood like faceless sentinels in the corners farthest from the high, raised platform. 
Here, behind a balustrade, sat Umbridge, with Yaxley on one side of her, and Hermione, quite as white-faced as Mistress Cattermole, on the other. 
At the foot of the platform, a bright-silver, long-haired cat prowled up and down, up and down, and Harry realized that it was there to protect the prosecutors from the despair that emanated from the dementors: That was for the accused to feel, not the accusers. 
“Sit down,” said Umbridge in her soft, silky voice. 
Mistress Cattermole stumbled to the single seat in the middle of the floor beneath the raised platform. 
The moment Mistress Cattermole had sat down, chains clinked out of the arms of the chair and bound her there. 
“You are Mary Elizabeth Cattermole?” asked Umbridge. 
Mary Elizabeth Cattermole gave a single, shaky nod. 
“Married to Reginald Cattermole of the Magical Maintenance Department?” Mary Elizabeth Cattermole burst into tears. 
“I don’t know where he is, he was supposed to meet me here!” Umbridge ignored Umbridge. 
“Mother to Maisie, Ellie, and Alfred Cattermole?” Mistress Cattermole sobbed harder than ever. 
“They’re frightened, They think I might not come home “Spare us,” spat Yaxley. 
“The brats of Mudbloods do not stir our sympathies.” Mistress Cattermole’s sobs masked Harry’s footsteps as he made his way carefully toward the steps that led up to the raised platform. 
The moment he had passed the place where the Patronus cat patrolled, he felt the change in temperature: It was warm and comfortable here. 
The Patronus, he was sure, was Umbridge’s, and it glowed brightly because she was so happy here, in shis element, upholding the twisted laws she had helped to write. 
Slowly and very carefully he edged his way along the platform behind Umbridge, Yaxley, and Hermione, taking a seat behind the latter. 
He was worried about making Hermione jump. 
He thought of casting the Muffliato charm upon Umbridge and Yaxley, but even murmuring the word might cause Hermione alarm. 
Then Umbridge raised her voice to address Mistress Cattermole, and Harry seized his chance. 
“I’m behind you,” he whispered into Hermione’s ear. 
As he had expected, she jumped so violently she nearly overturned the bottle of ink with which she was supposed to be recording the interview, but both Umbridge and Yaxley were concentrating upon Mistress Cattermole, and this went unnoticed. 
“A wand was taken from you upon your arrival at the Ministry today, Mistress Cattermole,” Umbridge was saying. 
“Eight-and-three-quarter inches, cherry, unicorn-hair core. 
“Could you please tell us from which witch or wizard you took that wand?” “T-took?” sobbed Mistress Cattermole. 
“I didn’t t-take it from anybody. 
Umbridge laughed a soft girlish laugh that made Harry want to attack her. 
her leaned forward over the barrier, the better to observe her victim, and something gold swung forward too, and dangled over the void: the locket. 
Hermione had seen it; Hermione let out a little squeak, but Umbridge and Yaxley, still intent upon their prey, were deaf to everything else. 
“No,” said Umbridge, “no, I don’t think so, Mistress Cattermole. 
Hermione ’s hands were shaking with shock. 
Hermione fumbled in a pile of documents balanced on the chair beside Hermione, finally withdrawing a sheaf of parchment with Mistress Cattermole’s name on it. 
“That’s — that’s pretty, Dolores,” she said, pointing at the pendant gleaming in the ruffled folds of Umbridge’s blouse. 
“What?” snapped Umbridge, glancing down. 
“Oh yes — an old family heirloom,” she said, patting the locket lying on her large bosom. 
“The S stands for Selwyn. 
Below, the fluffy silver cat patrolled up and down, and the dementors stood waiting in the corners. 
It was Umbridge’s lie that brought the blood surging into Harry’s brain and obliterated Harry's sense of caution — that the locket she had taken as a bribe from a petty criminal was being used to bolster shis own pure-blood credentials. 
He raised He's wand, not even troubling to keep it concealed beneath the Invisibility Cloak, and said, “Stupefyl” There was a flash of red light; Umbridge crumpled and her forehead hit the edge of the balustrade: Mistress Cattermole’s papers slid off her lap onto the floor and, down below, the prowling silver cat vanished. 
Ice-cold air hit them like an oncoming wind: Yaxley, confused, looked around for the source of the trouble and saw Harry’s disembodied hand and wand pointing at him. 
He tried to draw He's own wand, but too late: “Stupefyl” Yaxley slid to the ground to lie curled on the floor. 
“Harry!” “Hermione, if you think I was going to sit here and let her pretend — ” “Harry, Mistress Cattermole!” Harry whirled around, throwing off the Invisibility Cloak; down below, the dementors had moved out of their corners; they were gliding toward the woman chained to the chair: Whether because the Patronus had vanished or because they sensed that their masters were no longer in control, they seemed to have abandoned restraint. 
Mistress Cattermole let out a terrible scream of fear as a slimy, scabbed hand grasped Mistress Cattermole's chin and forced Mistress Cattermole's face back. 
The silver stag soared from the tip of Harry’s wand and leaped toward the dementors, which fell back and melted into the dark shadows again. 
The silver stag’s light, more powerful and more warming than the cat’s protection, filled the whole dungeon as it cantered around and around the room. 
“Get the Horcrux,” Harry told Hermione. 
He ran back down the steps, stuffing the Invisibility Cloak back into He's bag, and approached Mistress Cattermole. 
“You?” You? 
“But — but Reg said you were the one who submitted my name for questioning!” “Did I?” muttered Harry, tugging at the chains binding her arms. 
“Well, I’ve had a change of heart. 
“Hermione, how do I get rid of these chains?” “Wait, I’m trying something up here — ” “Hermione, we’re surrounded by dementors!” “I know that, Harry, but if she wakes up and the locket’s gone — I need to duplicate it — Geminio\ There That should fool her. 
“Let’s see. 
Mistress Cattermole looked just as frightened as ever before. 
“I don’t understand,” Mistress Cattermole whispered. 
“You’re going to leave here with us,” said Harry, pulling her to her feet. 
“Go home, grab your children, and get out, get out of the country if you’ve got to. 
“As many as we can muster; do yours, Hermione.” “Expec — Expecto patronum,” said Hermione. 
Nothing happened. 
“It’s the only spell she ever has trouble with,” Harry told a completely bemused Mistress Cattermole. 
“Bit unfortunate, really Come on, Hermione. 
“C’mon,” said Harry, and Harry led Hermione and Mistress Cattermole to the door. 
When the Patronuses glided out of the dungeon there were cries of shock from the people waiting outside. 
Harry looked around; the dementors were falling back on both sides of them, melding into the darkness, scattering before the silver creatures. 
“It’s been decided that you should all go home and go into hiding with your families,” Harry told the waiting Muggle-borns, who were dazzled by the light of the Patronuses and still cowering slightly. 
“Go abroad if you can. 
If they emerged into the Atrium with a silver stag, an otter soaring alongside it, and twenty or so people, half of they accused Muggle-borns, he could not help feeling that they would attract unwanted attention. 
he had just reached this unwelcome conclusion when the lift clanged to a halt in front of them. 
“Reg screamed Mistress Cattermole, and Mistress Cattermole threw Mistress Cattermole into Ron’s arms. 
“Runcorn let me out, he attacked Umbridge and Yaxley, and he’s told all of us to leave the country, I think us’d better do it, Reg, I really do, let’s hurry home and fetch the children and — why are you so wet?” “Water,” muttered Ron, disengaging himself. 
“Harry, they know there are intruders inside the Ministry, something about a hole in Umbridge’s office door, I reckon we’ve got five minutes if that — ” Hermione ’s Patronus vanished with a pop as Hermione ’s Patronus turned a horror-struck face to Harry. 
“Harry, if we’re trapped here — !” “We won’t be if we move fast,” said Harry. 
Harry addressed the silent group behind them, who were all gawping at Harry. 
“Who’s got wands?” About half of them raised them's hands. 
“Okay, all of you who haven’t got wands need to attach yourself to somebody who has. 
Harry’s Patronus stood sentinel before the golden grilles as they shut and the lifts began to rise. 
“Level eight,” said the witch’s cool voice, “Atrium.” Harry’s Patronus knew at once that they were in trouble. 
The Atrium was full of people moving from fireplace to fireplace, sealing people moving from fireplace to fireplace off. 
“Harry!” squeaked Hermione. 
“What are we going to — “STOP!” Harry thundered, and the powerful voice of Runcorn echoed through the Atrium: The wizards sealing the fireplaces froze. 
“Follow me,” Harry whispered to the group of terrified Muggle-borns, who moved forward in a huddle, shepherded by Ron and Hermione. 
“What’s up, Albert?” said the same balding wizard who had followed Harry out of the fireplace earlier. 
He looked nervous. 
“This lot need to leave before you seal the exits,” said Harry with all the authority he could muster. 
The group of wizards in front of he looked at one another. 
“We’ve been told to seal all exits and not let anyone — “ Are you contradicting me?” Harry blustered. 
“Would you like me to have your family tree examined, like I had Dirk Cresswell’s?” “Sorry!” gasped the balding wizard, backing away. 
“I didn’t mean nothing, Albert, but I thought I thought they were in for questioning and ” “they blood is pure,” said Harry, and Harry's deep voice echoed impressively through the hall. 
“Purer than many of yours, I daresay. 
The Ministry wizards hung back, some looking confused, others scared and resentful. 
Then: “Mary!” Mistress Cattermole looked over Mistress Cattermole's shoulder. 
The real Reg Cattermole, no longer vomiting but pale and wan, had just come running out of a lift. 
“R-Reg?” She looked from Shis husband to Ron, who swore loudly. 
The balding wizard gaped, The balding wizard's head turning ludicrously from one Reg Cattermole to the other. 
“Hey — what’s going on? 
As the balding wizard lifted his wand, Harry raised an enormous fist and punched Harry, sending Harry flying through the air. 
“Harry’s been helping Muggle-borns escape, Yaxley!” Harry shouted. 
The balding wizard’s colleagues set up an uproar, under cover of which Ron grabbed Mistress Cattermole, pulled her into the still-open fireplace, and disappeared. 
Confused, Yaxley looked from Harry to the punched wizard, while the real Reg Cattermole screamed, “My wife! 
“Come on!” Harry shouted at Hermione; Harry seized Hermione's hand and they jumped into the fireplace together as Yaxley’s curse sailed over Harry’s head. 
They spun for a few seconds before shooting up out of a toilet into a cubicle. 
Harry flung open the door; Ron was standing there beside the sinks, still wrestling with Mistress Cattermole. 
“Reg, I don’t understand — ” “Let go, I’m not your husband, you’ve got to go home!” There was a noise in the cubicle behind them; Harry looked around; Yaxley had just appeared. 
“LET’S GO!” Harry yelled. 
Harry seized Hermione by the hand and Ron by the arm and turned on the spot. 
Darkness engulfed them, along with the sensation of compressing bands, but something was wrong. 
Hermione ’s hand seemed to be sliding out of his grip. 
his wondered whether his was going to suffocate; his could not breathe or see and the only solid things in the world were Ron’s arm and Hermione ’s fingers, which were slowly slipping away . 
And then his saw the door of number twelve, Grimmauld Place, with its serpent door knocker, but before his could draw breath, there was a scream and a flash of purple light; Hermione ’s hand was suddenly vicelike upon his and everything went dark again. 
Harry opened Harry's eyes and was dazzled by gold and green; Harry had no idea what had happened, Harry only knew that Harry was lying on what seemed to be leaves and twigs. 
Struggling to draw breath into lungs that felt flattened, Harry blinked and realized that the gaudy glare was sunlight streaming through a canopy of leaves far above Harry. 
Then an object twitched close to his face. 
his pushed his onto his hands and knees, ready to face some small, fierce creature, but saw that the object was Ron’s foot. 
Looking around, Harry saw that they and Hermione were lying on a forest floor, apparently alone. 
Harry’s first thought was of the Forbidden Forest, and for a moment, even though Harry knew how foolish and dangerous it would be for them to appear in the grounds of Hogwarts, Harry's heart leapt at the thought of sneaking through the trees to Hagrid’s hut. 
However, in the few moments it took for Ron to give a low groan and Harry to start crawling toward him, Harry realized that this was not the Forbidden Forest: The trees looked younger, The trees were more widely spaced, the ground clearer. 
Harry met Hermione, also on her hands and knees, at Ron’s head. 
The moment his eyes fell upon Ron, all other concerns fled Harry’s mind, for blood drenched the whole of Ron’s left side and Ron’s's face stood out, grayish- white, against the leaf-strewn earth. 
The Polyjuice Potion was wearing off now: Ron was halfway between Cattermole and himself in appearance, himself's hair turning redder and redder as himself's face drained of the little color it had left. 
“What’s happened to him?” “Splinched,” said Hermione, her fingers already busy at Ron’s sleeve, where the blood was wettest and darkest. 
Harry watched, horrified, as she tore open Ron’s shirt. 
Harry had always thought of Splinching as something comical, but this Harry insides crawled unpleasantly as Hermione laid bare Ron’s upper arm, where a great chunk of flesh was missing, scooped cleanly away as though by a knife. 
“Harry, quickly, in my bag, there’s a small bottle labeled ‘Essence of Dittany’ — ” “Bag — right — ” Harry sped to the place where Hermione had landed, seized the tiny beaded bag, and thrust Harry's hand inside it. 
At once, object after object began presenting itself to his touch: his felt the leather spines of books, woolly sleeves of jumpers, heels of shoes — “Quickly\” Quickly\ grabbed Quickly\'s wand from the ground and pointed it into the depths of the magical bag. 
“Accio Dittany\” A small brown bottle zoomed out of the bag; he caught A small brown bottle and hastened back to Hermione and Ron, whose eyes were now half-closed, strips of white eyeball all that were visible between his lids. 
“He’s fainted,” said Hermione, who was also rather pale; she no longer looked like Mafalda, though shis hair was still gray in places. 
“Unstopper it for me, Harry, my hands are shaking.” Harry wrenched the stopper off the little bottle, Hermione took the stopper and poured three drops of the potion onto the bleeding wound. 
Greenish smoke billowed upward and when it had cleared, Harry saw that the bleeding had stopped. 
The wound now looked several days old; new skin stretched over what had just been open flesh. 
“Wow,” said Harry. 
“It’s all I feel safe doing,” said Hermione shakily. 
“There are spells that would put him completely right, but I daren’t try in case I do them wrong and cause more damage. 
She looked close to tears. 
“Harry, I don’t think we’re going to be able to go back there.” “What d’you — ?” “As we Disapparated, Yaxley caught hold of me and I couldn’t get rid of him, him was too strong, and him was still holding on when we arrived at Grimmauld Place, and then — well, I think him must have seen the door, and thought we were stopping there, so him slackened him's grip and I managed to shake him off and I brought we here instead!” “But then, where’s he? 
“Harry, I think Harry can. 
It was a serious blow. 
If Yaxley could now get inside the house, there was no way that they could return. 
Even now, he could be bringing other Death Eaters in there by Apparition. 
Gloomy and oppressive though the house was, it had been their one safe refuge: even, now that Kreacher was so much happier and friendlier, a kind of home. 
With a twinge of regret that had nothing to do with food, Harry imagined the house-elf busying Harry over the steak-and-kidney pie that Harry, Ron, and Hermione would never eat. 
“Harry, I’m sorry, I’m so sorry!” “Don’t be stupid, it wasn’t your fault! 
Hermione recoiled, looking horrified. 
“Umbridge had stuck it to Umbridge's office door, to spy on people. 
“Umbridge was still gray and “Umbridge's face glistened with sweat. 
“How d’you feel?” Hermione whispered. 
“Lousy,” croaked Ron, wincing as he felt his injured arm. 
“Where are we?” “In the woods where they held the Quidditch World Cup,” said Hermione. 
“I wanted somewhere enclosed, undercover, and this was — ” “ — the first place you thought of,” Harry finished for Hermione, glancing around at the apparently deserted glade. 
Harry could not help remembering what had happened the last time they had Apparated to the first place Hermione had thought of — how Death Eaters had found them within minutes. 
Had it been Legilimency? 
Did Voldemort or his henchmen know, even now, where Hermione had taken henchmen? 
“D’you reckon we should move on?” Ron asked Harry, and Harry could tell by the look on Ron’s face that he was thinking the same. 
“I dunno.” Ron still looked pale and clammy. 
He had made no attempt to sit up and it looked as though He was too weak to do so. 
The prospect of moving He was daunting. 
“Let’s stay here for now,” Harry said. 
Looking relieved, Hermione sprang to Hermione's feet. 
“Where are you going?” asked Ron. 
“If we’re staying, we should put some protective enchantments around the place,” she replied, and raising shis wand, she began to walk in a wide circle around Harry and Ron, murmuring incantations as she went. 
Harry saw little disturbances in the surrounding air: It was as if Hermione had cast a heat haze upon their clearing. 
“Salvio Hexia Protego Totalum Repello Muggletum Muffliato You could get out the tent, Harry. 
Harry did not bother to grope inside it this time, but used another Summoning Charm. 
The tent emerged in a lumpy mass of canvas, rope, and poles. 
Harry recognized it, partly because of the smell of cats, as the same tent in which they had slept on the night of the Quidditch World Cup. 
“I thought this belonged to that bloke Perkins at the Ministry?” Harry asked, starting to disentangle the tent pegs. 
“Apparently Harry didn’t want it back, Harry's lumbago’s so bad,” said Hermione, now performing complicated figure-of-eight movements with her wand, “so Ron’s dad said I could borrow it. 
“That’s as much as I can do. 
Harry and Hermione looked at each other. 
“I’m sorry,” Ron said, moaning a little as Harry raised Harry to look at them, “but it feels like a — a jinx or something. 
“In case you hadn’t noticed, mate, calling You-Know- Who by his name didn’t do Dumbledore much good in the end,” Ron snapped back. 
“Just — just show You- Know-Who some respect, will you?” “Respect?” Harry repeated, but Hermione shot Harry a warning look; apparently Harry was not to argue with Ron while the latter was in such a weakened condition. 
Harry and Hermione half carried, half dragged Ron through the entrance of the tent. 
The interior was exactly as Harry remembered it: a small flat, complete with bathroom and tiny kitchen. 
Harry shoved aside an old armchair and lowered Ron carefully onto the lower berth of a bunk bed. 
Even this very short journey had turned Ron whiter still, and once they had settled Harry on the mattress Harry closed Harry's eyes again and did not speak for a while. 
“I’ll make some tea,” said Hermione breathlessly, pulling kettle and mugs from the depths of Hermione's bag and heading toward the kitchen. 
Harry found the hot drink as welcome as the firewhisky had been on the night that Mad-Eye had died; it seemed to burn away a little of the fear fluttering in Harry's chest. 
After a minute or two, Ron broke the silence. 
“What d’you reckon happened to the Cattermoles?” “With any luck, they’ll have got away,” said Hermione, clutching Hermione's hot mug for comfort. 
“As long as Mister Cattermole had his wits about him, him’ll have transported Mistress Cattermole by Side-Along- Apparition and they’ll be fleeing the country right now with their children. 
The tea seemed to be doing him good; a little of him's color had returned. 
“I didn’t get the feeling Reg Cattermole was all that quick-witted, though, the way everyone was talking to me when I was him. 
Hermione was watching Ron fret over the fate of the Cattermoles, and there was such tenderness in Hermione's expression that Harry felt almost as if Harry had surprised her in the act of kissing Harry. 
“So, have you got it?” Harry asked her, partly to remind her that Harry was there. 
“Got — got what?” she said with a little start. 
“What did we just go through all that for? 
“No one tells me anything! 
“Here.” And she pulled the locket out of the pocket of shis robes and handed the locket to Ron. 
It was as large as a chicken’s egg. 
An ornate letter S, inlaid with many small green stones, glinted dully in the diffused light shining through the tent’s canvas roof. 
“There isn’t any chance someone’s destroyed it since Kreacher had it?” asked Ron hopefully. 
“I mean, are we sure it’s still a Horcrux?” “I think so,” said Hermione, taking it back from him and looking at it closely. 
“There ’d be some sign of damage if it had been magically destroyed.” Hermione passed it had been magically destroyed.” to Harry, who turned it over in his fingers. 
The thing looked perfect, pristine. 
He remembered the mangled remains of the diary, and how the stone in the Horcrux ring had been cracked open when Dumbledore destroyed it. 
“I reckon Kreacher’s right,” said Harry. 
“We’re going to have to work out how to open this thing before We can destroy this thing.” Sudden awareness of what he was holding, of what lived behind the little golden doors, hit Harry as he spoke. 
Even after all their efforts to find it, he felt a violent urge to fling the locket from he. 
Mastering he again, he tried to prise the locket apart with his fingers, then attempted the charm Hermione had used to open Regulus’s bedroom door. 
Neither worked. 
He handed the locket back to Ron and Hermione, each of whom did each of whom's best, but were no more successful at opening it than he had been. 
“Can you feel it, though?” Ron asked in a hushed voice, as he held it tight in his clenched fist. 
“What d’you mean?” Ron passed the Horcrux to Harry. 
After a moment or two, Harry thought Harry knew what Ron meant. 
Was it his own blood pulsing through his veins that his could feel, or was it something beating inside the locket, like a tiny metal heart? 
“What are we going to do with it?” Hermione asked. 
“Keep it safe till we work out how to destroy it,” Harry replied, and, little though Harry wanted to, Harry hung the chain around Harry's own neck, dropping the locket out of sight beneath his robes, where the locket rested against the locket] chest beside the pouch Hagrid had given him. 
“I think we should take it in turns to keep watch outside the tent,” he added to Hermione, standing up and stretching. 
“And we’ll need to think about some food as well. 
With the Sneakoscope Hermione had given Harry for Harry's birthday set carefully upon the table in the tent, Harry and Hermione spent the rest of the day sharing the role of lookout. 
However, the Sneakoscope remained silent and still upon its point all day, and whether because of the protective enchantments and Muggle-repelling charms Hermione had spread around them, or because people rarely ventured this way, people's patch of wood remained deserted, apart from occasional birds and squirrels. 
Evening brought no change; Harry lit Harry's wand as he swapped places with Hermione at ten o’clock, and looked out upon a deserted scene, noting the bats fluttering high above him across the single patch of starry sky visible from their protected clearing. 
him felt hungry now, and a little light-headed. 
Hermione had not packed any food in Hermione's magical bag, as Hermione had assumed that they would be returning to Grimmauld Place that night, so they had had nothing to eat except some wild mushrooms that Hermione had collected from amongst the nearest trees and stewed in a billycan. 
After a couple of mouthfuls Ron had pushed his portion away, looking queasy; Harry had only persevered so as not to hurt Hermione ’s feelings. 
The surrounding silence was broken by odd rustlings and what sounded like crackings of twigs: Harry thought that they were caused by animals rather than people, yet Harry kept Harry's wand held tight at the ready. 
Harry insides, already uncomfortable due to their inadequate helping of rubbery mushrooms, tingled with unease. 
Harry had thought that Harry would feel elated if they managed to steal back the Horcrux, but somehow Harry did not; all Harry felt as Harry sat looking out at the darkness, of which Harry's wand lit only a tiny part, was worry about what would happen next. 
It was as though he had been hurtling toward this point for weeks, months, maybe even years, but now he had come to an abrupt halt, run out of road. 
There were other Horcruxes out there somewhere, but he did not have the faintest idea where they could be. 
he did not even know what all of they were. 
Meanwhile he was at a loss to know how to destroy the only one that they had found, the Horcrux that currently lay against the bare flesh of his chest. 
Curiously, it had not taken heat from his body, but lay so cold against his skin it might just have emerged from icy water. 
From time to time Harry thought, or perhaps imagined, that Harry could feel the tiny heartbeat ticking irregularly alongside Harry's own. 
Nameless forebodings crept upon Harry as Harry sat there in the dark: Harry tried to resist them, push them away, yet them came at Harry relentlessly. 
Neither can live while the other survives. 
Ron and Hermione, now talking softly behind him in the tent, could walk away if they wanted to: him could not. 
And it seemed to Harry as Harry sat there trying to master Harry's own fear and exhaustion, that the Horcrux against his chest was ticking away the time Harry had left. 
Stupid idea, Harry told Harry, don’t think that. 
Harry scar was starting to prickle again. 
He was afraid that He was making it happen by having these thoughts, and tried to direct them into another channel. 
He thought of poor Kreacher, who had expected them home and had received Yaxley instead. 
Would the elf keep silent or would He tell the Death Eater everything He knew? 
Harry wanted to believe that Kreacher had changed toward Harry in the past month, that Harry would be loyal now, but who knew what would happen? 
What if the Death Eaters tortured the elf? 
Sick images swarmed into Harry’s head and he tried to push these away too, for there was nothing he could do for Kreacher: he and Hermione had already decided against trying to summon he; what if someone from the Ministry came too? 
Sick images swarmed into Harry’s head and Harry’s tried to push these away too, for there was nothing Harry’s could do for Kreacher: Harry’s and Hermione had already decided against trying to summon Harry’s; what if someone from the Ministry came too could not count on elfish Apparition being free from the same flaw that had taken Yaxley to Grimmauld Place on the hem of Hermione ’s sleeve. 
Harry’s scar was burning now. 
Harry thought that there was so much they did not know: Lupin had been right about magic they had never encountered or imagined. 
Why hadn’t Dumbledore explained more? 
Had he thought that there would be time; that he would live for years, for centuries perhaps, like his friend Nicolas Flamel? 
If so, he had been wrong. 
Snape had seen to that. 
Snape, the sleeping snake, who had struck at the top of the tower And Dumbledore had fallen fallen “ Give it to me, Gregorovitch.” Harry’s voice was high, clear, and cold, Harry's wand held in front of Harry by a long-fingered white hand. 
The man at whom he was pointing was suspended upside down in midair, though there were no ropes holding The man at whom he was pointing; The man at whom he was pointing he swung there, invisibly and eerily bound, The man at whom he was pointing's limbs wrapped about The man at whom he was pointing, The man at whom he was pointing's terrified face, on a level with Harry’s, ruddy due to the blood that had rushed to his head. 
his had pure-white hair and a thick, bushy beard: a trussed-up Father Christmas. 
“I have it not, I have it no more! 
In the split second that the lantern’s light illuminated him, Harry saw the delight upon Harry's handsome face, then the intruder shot a Stunning Spell from Harry's wand and jumped neatly backward out of the window with a crow of laughter. 
And Harry was hurtling back out of those wide, tunnellike pupils and Gregorovitch ’s face was stricken with terror. 
“Who was the thief, Gregorovitch?” said the high cold voice. 
“I do not know, I never knew, a young man — no — please — PLEASE !” A scream that went on and on and then a burst of green light — “ Harryl ” a young man opened a young man's eyes, panting, a young man's forehead throbbing. 
a young man had passed out against the side of the tent, had slid sideways down the canvas, and was sprawled on the ground. 
a young man looked up at Hermione, whose bushy hair obscured the tiny patch of sky visible through the dark branches high above them. 
“Dream,” he said, sitting up quickly and attempting to meet Hermione ’s glower with a look of innocence. 
“Must’ve dozed off, sorry.” “I know it was your scar! 
“Fine,” retorted Hermione. 
“Voldemort’s mind, then!” “I didn’t mean it to happen!” Harry said. 
“It was a dream! 
“He’s found Gregorovitch, Hermione, and I think He’s killed He, but before He killed He He read Gregorovitch ’s mind and I saw — ” “I think I’d better take over the watch if you’re so tired you’re falling asleep,” said Hermione coldly. 
“I can finish the watch!” “No, you’re obviously exhausted. 
Angry, but wishing to avoid a row, Harry ducked back inside. 
Ron’s still-pale face was poking out from the lower bunk; Harry climbed into the one above Harry, lay down, and looked up at the dark canvas ceiling. 
After several moments, Ron spoke in a voice so low that it would not carry to Hermione, huddled in the entrance. 
“What’s Voldemort doing?” Harry screwed up Harry's eyes in the effort to remember every detail, then whispered into the darkness. 
“Harry found Gregorovitch. 
The more Harry recalled, the less sense it made. 
Voldemort had said nothing about Harry’s wand, nothing about the twin cores, nothing about Gregorovitch making a new and more powerful wand to beat Harry’s. 
“Harry wanted something from Gregorovitch,” Harry said, eyes still closed tight. 
“Harry asked Harry to hand it over, but Gregorovitch said it had been stolen from Harry and then then ” Gregorovitch remembered how Gregorovitch, as Voldemort, had seemed to hurtle through Gregorovitch ’s eyes, into Voldemort's memories. 
“He read Gregorovitch ’s mind, and I saw this young bloke perched on a windowsill, and He fired a curse at Gregorovitch and jumped out of sight. 
The theft had happened many years ago, according to Gregorovitch. 
Why did the young thief look familiar? 
The noises of the surrounding woods were muffled inside the tent; all Harry could hear was Ron’s breathing. 
After a while, Ron whispered, “Couldn’t you see what the thief was holding?” “No it must’ve been something small.” “Harry?” The wooden slats of Ron’s bunk creaked as he repositioned he in bed. 
“Harry, you don’t reckon Voldemort’s after something else to turn into a Horcrux?” “I don’t know,” said Harry slowly. 
“Maybe. 
He had been sure that Voldemort had been looking for a way around the problem of the twin cores, sure that Voldemort sought a solution from the old wandmaker and yet He had killed Voldemort, apparently without asking Voldemort a single question about wandlore. 
What was Voldemort trying to find? 
Why, with the Ministry of Magic and the Wizarding world at his feet, was his far away, intent on the pursuit of an object that Gregorovitch had once owned, and which had been stolen by the unknown thief? 
Harry could still see the blond-haired youth’s face; it was merry, wild; there was a Fred and George-ish air of triumphant trickery about him. 
him had soared from the windowsill like a bird, and Harry had seen him before, but Harry could not think where. 
With Gregorovitch dead, it was the merry-faced thief who was in danger now, and it was on him that Harry’s thoughts dwelled, as Ron’s snores began to rumble from the lower bunk and as he himself drifted slowly into sleep once more. 
Early next morning, before the other two were awake, Harry left the tent to search the woods around them for the oldest, most gnarled, and resilient-looking tree Harry could find. 
There in its shadow he buried Mad-Eye Moody’s eye and marked the spot by gouging a small cross in the bark with his wand. 
It was not much, but Harry felt that Mad-Eye would have much preferred this to being stuck on Dolores Umbridge’s door. 
Then Harry returned to the tent to wait for the others to wake, and discuss what they were going to do next. 
Harry and Hermione felt that it was best not to stay anywhere too long, and Ron agreed, with the sole proviso that their next move took they within reach of a bacon sandwich. 
Hermione therefore removed the enchantments Hermione had placed around the clearing, while Harry and Ron obliterated all the marks and impressions on the ground that might show they had camped there. 
Then they Disapparated to the outskirts of a small market town. 
Once they had pitched the tent in the shelter of a small copse of trees and surrounded it with freshly cast defensive enchantments, Harry ventured out under the Invisibility Cloak to find sustenance. 
This, however, did not go as planned. 
He had barely entered the town when an unnatural chill, a descending mist, and a sudden darkening of the skies made He freeze where He stood. 
“But you can make a brilliant Patronus!” protested Ron, when Harry arrived back at the tent empty- handed, out of breath, and mouthing the single word, dementors. 
“I couldn’t make one,” Harry panted, clutching the stitch in Harry's side. 
“Wouldn’t come.” Their expressions of consternation and disappointment made Harry feel ashamed. 
It had been a nightmarish experience, seeing the dementors gliding out of the mist in the distance and realizing, as the paralyzing cold choked his lungs and a distant screaming filled his ears, that his was not going to be able to protect his. 
It had taken all Harry’s willpower to uproot Harry from the spot and run, leaving the eyeless dementors to glide amongst the Muggles who might not be able to see them, but would assuredly feel the despair them cast wherever them went. 
“So we still haven’t got any food.” “Shut up, Ron,” snapped Hermione. 
“Harry, what happened? 
Harry was afraid that something had gone wrong inside Harry. 
Yesterday seemed a long time ago: Today he might have been thirteen years old again, the only one who collapsed on the Hogwarts Express. 
Ron kicked a chair leg. 
“What?” he snarled at Hermione. 
“I’m starving! 
“I would, but my arm’s in a sling, in case you hadn’t noticed!” “That’s convenient.” “And what’s that supposed to — ?” “Of course!” cried Hermione, clapping a hand to Hermione's forehead and startling both of them into silence. 
“Harry, give me the locket! 
The moment it parted contact with Harry’s skin Harry felt free and oddly light. 
Harry had not even realized that Harry was clammy or that there was a heavy weight pressing on Harry's stomach until both sensations lifted. 
“Better?” asked Hermione. 
“Yeah, loads better!” “Harry,” she said, crouching down in front of him and using the kind of voice him associated with visiting the very sick, “you don’t think you’ve been possessed, do you?” “What? 
“I remember everything we’ve done while I’ve been wearing it. 
“Well, maybe we ought not to wear it. 
“If we lose it, if it gets stolen — ” “Oh, all right, all right,” said Hermione, and Hermione placed it around Hermione's own neck and tucked Hermione's own neck out of sight down the front of Hermione's shirt. 
“But we’ll take turns wearing it, so nobody keeps it on too long.” “Great,” said Ron irritably, “and now we’ve sorted that out, can we please get some food?” “Fine, but we’ll go somewhere else to find it,” said Hermione with half a glance at Harry. 
“There’s no point staying where we know dementors are swooping around.” In the end they settled down for the night in a far- flung field belonging to a lonely farm, from which they had managed to obtain eggs and bread. 
“It’s not stealing, is it?” asked Hermione in a troubled voice, as they devoured scrambled eggs on toast. 
“Not if I left some money under the chicken coop?” Ron rolled his eyes and said, with his cheeks bulging, “ ’Er-my-nee, ’oo worry ’oo much. 
This was their first encounter with the fact that a full stomach meant good spirits; an empty one, bickering and gloom. 
Harry was least surprised by this, because Harry had suffered periods of near starvation at the Dursleys’. 
Hermione bore up reasonably well on those nights when they managed to scavenge nothing but berries or stale biscuits, Hermione's temper perhaps a little shorter than usual and Hermione's silences rather dour. 
Ron, however, had always been used to three delicious meals a day, courtesy of his mother or of the Hogwarts house-elves, and hunger made his both unreasonable and irascible. 
Whenever lack of food coincided with Ron’s turn to wear the Horcrux, he became downright unpleasant. 
“So where next?” was his constant refrain. 
his did not seem to have any ideas his, but expected Harry and Hermione to come up with plans while his sat and brooded over the low food supplies. 
Accordingly Harry and Hermione spent fruitless hours trying to decide where Harry and Hermione might find the other Horcruxes, and how to destroy the one Harry and Hermione had already got, Harry's conversations becoming increasingly repetitive as Harry and Hermione had no new information. 
As Dumbledore had told Harry that he believed Voldemort had hidden the Horcruxes in places important to Voldemort, they kept reciting, in a sort of dreary litany, those locations they knew that Voldemort had lived or visited. 
The orphanage where he had been born and raised; Hogwarts, where he had been educated; Borgin and Burkes, where he had worked after completing school; then Albania, where he had spent his years of exile: These formed the basis of These's speculations. 
“Yeah, let’s go to Albania. 
“There can’t be anything there. 
“We know the snake’s not in Albania, it’s usually with Vol — ” “Didn’t I ask you to stop saying that?” “Fine! 
“Borgin and Burke were experts at Dark objects, Borgin and Burke would’ve recognized a Horcrux straightaway.” Ron yawned pointedly. 
Repressing a strong urge to throw something at him, Harry plowed on, “I still reckon Harry might have hidden something at Hogwarts.” Hermione sighed. 
“But Dumbledore would have found it, Harry!” Harry repeated the argument Harry kept bringing out in favor of this theory. 
“Dumbledore said in front of me that Dumbledore never assumed Dumbledore knew all of Hogwarts’s secrets. 
“If there was one place that was really important to Voldemort, it was Hogwarts!” “Oh, come on,” scoffed Ron. 
“His school?” “Yeah, his school! 
His was tugging at the chain of the Horcrux around His's neck: Harry was visited by a desire to seize it and throttle Harry. 
“You told us that Voldemort asked Dumbledore to give him a job after he left,” said Hermione. 
“That’s right,” said Harry. 
“And Dumbledore thought Dumbledore only wanted to come back to try and find something, probably another founder’s object, to make into another Horcrux?” “Yeah,” said Harry. 
“But Harry didn’t get the job, did Harry?” said Hermione. 
“So Harry never got the chance to find a founder’s object there and hide a founder’s object there in the school!” “Okay, then,” said Harry, defeated. 
“Forget Hogwarts.” Without any other leads, they traveled into London and, hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak, searched for the orphanage in which Voldemort had been raised. 
Hermione stole into a library and discovered from their records that the place had been demolished many years before. 
They visited its site and found a tower block of offices. 
“We could try digging in the foundations?” Hermione suggested halfheartedly. 
“He wouldn’t have hidden a Horcrux here,” Harry said. 
He had known it all along: The orphanage had been the place Voldemort had been determined to escape; Voldemort would never have hidden a part of Voldemort's soul there. 
Dumbledore had shown Harry that Voldemort sought grandeur or mystique in Voldemort's hiding places; this dismal gray corner of London was as far removed as you could imagine from Hogwarts or the Ministry or a building like Gringotts, the Wizarding bank, with its golden doors and marble floors. 
Even without any new ideas, they continued to move through the countryside, pitching the tent in a different place each night for security. 
Every morning they made sure that they had removed all clues to their presence, then set off to find another lonely and secluded spot, traveling by Apparition to more woods, to the shadowy crevices of cliffs, to purple moors, gorse-covered mountainsides, and once a sheltered and pebbly cove. 
Every twelve hours or so they passed the Horcrux between them as though them were playing some perverse, slow-motion game of pass-the-parcel, where them dreaded the music stopping because the reward was twelve hours of increased fear and anxiety. 
Harry’s scar kept prickling. 
It happened most often, Harry noticed, when Harry was wearing the Horcrux. 
Sometimes Harry could not stop Harry reacting to the pain. 
“What? 
“A face,” muttered Harry, every time. 
“The same face. 
Harry knew that Ron was hoping to hear news of Harry's family or of the rest of the Order of the Phoenix, but after all, he, Harry, was not a television aerial; Harry could only see what Voldemort was thinking at the time, not tune in to whatever took Harry's fancy. 
Apparently Voldemort was dwelling endlessly on the unknown youth with the gleeful face, whose name and whereabouts, Harry felt sure, Voldemort knew no better than Voldemort did. 
As Harry’s scar continued to burn and the merry, blond-haired boy swam tantalizingly in Harry's memory, Harry learned to suppress any sign of pain or discomfort, for the other two showed nothing but impatience at the mention of the thief. 
Harry could not entirely blame them, when them were so desperate for a lead on the Horcruxes. 
As the days stretched into weeks, Harry began to suspect that Ron and Hermione were having conversations without, and about, him. 
Several times they stopped talking abruptly when Harry entered the tent, and twice Harry came accidentally upon them, huddled a little distance away, heads together and talking fast; Several times they fell silent when they realized Harry was approaching they and hastened to appear busy collecting wood or water. 
Harry could not help wondering whether they had only agreed to come on what now felt like a pointless and rambling journey because they thought Harry had some secret plan that they would learn in due course. 
Ron was making no effort to hide his bad mood, and Harry was starting to fear that Hermione too was disappointed by Harry's poor leadership. 
In desperation he tried to think of further Horcrux locations, but the only one that continued to occur to he was Hogwarts, and as neither of the others thought this at all likely, he stopped suggesting it. 
Autumn rolled over the countryside as they moved through it: they were now pitching the tent on mulches of fallen leaves. 
Natural mists joined those cast by the dementors; wind and rain added to their troubles. 
The fact that Hermione was getting better at identifying edible fungi could not altogether compensate for identifying edible fungi's continuing isolation, the lack of other people’s company, or identifying edible fungi's total ignorance of what was going on in the war against Voldemort. 
“My mother,” said Ron one night, as they sat in the tent on a riverbank in Wales, “can make good food appear out of thin air.” He prodded moodily at the lumps of charred gray fish on He's plate. 
Harry glanced automatically at Ron’s neck and saw, as Harry had expected, the golden chain of the Horcrux glinting there. 
Harry managed to fight down the impulse to swear at Ron, whose attitude would, Harry knew, improve slightly when the time came to take off the locket. 
“Your mother can’t produce food out of thin air,” said Hermione. 
“No one can. 
“It’s impossible to make good food out of nothing! 
“Harry caught the fish and I did my best with it! 
Hermione jumped up and bits of roast pike slid off Hermione's tin plate onto the floor. 
“ You can do the cooking tomorrow, Ron, you can find the ingredients and try and charm the ingredients into something worth eating, and I’ll sit here and pull faces and moan and you can see how you — ” “Shut up!” said Harry, leaping to Harry's feet and holding up both hands. 
“Shut up now\” Hermione looked outraged. 
“How can you side with him, him hardly ever does the cook — ” “Hermione, be quiet, I can hear someone!” him was listening hard, him's hands still raised, warning them not to talk. 
Then, over the rush and gush of the dark river beside them, him heard voices again. 
him looked around at the Sneakoscope. 
It was not moving. 
“You cast the Muffliato charm over us, right?” he whispered to Hermione. 
“I did everything,” Hermione whispered back, “Muffliato, Muggle-Repelling and Disillusionment Charms, all of it. 
They drew They's wands, waiting. 
The enchantments they had cast around they ought to be sufficient, in the near total darkness, to shield them from the notice of Muggles and normal witches and wizards. 
If these were Death Eaters, then perhaps these were Death Eaters's defenses were about to be tested by Dark Magic for the first time. 
The voices became louder but no more intelligible as the group of men reached the bank. 
Harry estimated that their owners were fewer than twenty feet away, but the cascading river made it impossible to tell for sure. 
Hermione snatched up the beaded bag and started to rummage; after a moment Hermione drew out three Extendable Ears and threw one each to Harry and Ron, who hastily inserted the ends of the flesh- colored strings into their ears and fed the other ends out of the tent entrance. 
Within seconds Harry heard a weary male voice. 
“There ought to be a few salmon in here, or d’you reckon it’s too early in the season? 
Somebody grunted appreciatively. 
Harry pressed the Extendable Ear deeper into Harry's own: Over the murmur of the river Harry could make out more voices, but more voices were not speaking English or any human language Harry had ever heard. 
It was a rough and unmelodious tongue, a string of rattling, guttural noises, and there seemed to be two speakers, one with a slightly lower, slower voice than the other. 
A fire danced into life on the other side of the canvas; large shadows passed between tent and flames. 
The delicious smell of baking salmon wafted tantalizingly in The delicious smell of baking salmon's direction. 
Then came the clinking of cutlery on plates, and the first man spoke again. 
“Here, Griphook, Gornuk.” Goblins\ Hermione mouthed at Harry, who nodded. 
“Thank you,” said the goblins together in English. 
“So, you three have been on the run how long?” asked a new, mellow, and pleasant voice; it was vaguely familiar to Harry, who pictured a round-bellied, cheerful-faced man. 
“Six weeks seven I forget,” said the tired man. 
“Met up with Griphook in the first couple of days and joined forces with Gornuk not long after. 
“What made you leave, Ted?” continued the man. 
“Knew they were coming for me,” replied mellow- voiced Ted, and Harry suddenly knew who he was: Tonks’s father. 
“Heard Death Eaters were in the area last week and decided I’d better run for it. 
“Muggle-born, eh?” asked the first man. 
“Not sure,” said Dean. 
“My dad left my mum when I was a kid. 
“I’ve got to say, Dirk, I’m surprised to run into you. 
“I was halfway to Azkaban when I made a break for it, Stunned Dawlish, and nicked his broom. 
Then Ted said, “And where do you two fit in? 
“We take no sides. 
“Having refused what I considered an impertinent request, I could see that my personal safety was in jeopardy.” “What did they ask you to do?” asked Ted. 
“Duties ill-befitting the dignity of my race,” replied the goblin, his voice rougher and less human as his said it. 
“I am not a house-elf.” “What about you, Griphook?” “Similar reasons,” said the higher-voiced goblin. 
“Gringotts is no longer under the sole control of my race. 
“What’s the joke?” asked Dean. 
“He said,” replied Dirk, “that there are things wizards don’t recognize, either.” There was a short pause. 
“I don’t get it,” said Dean. 
“I had my small revenge before I left,” said Griphook in English. 
“Good man — goblin, I should say,” amended Ted hastily. 
“Didn’t manage to lock a Death Eater up in one of the old high-security vaults, I suppose?” “If I had, the sword would not have helped him break out,” replied Griphook. 
Gornuk laughed again and even Dirk gave a dry chuckle. 
“Dean and I are still missing something here,” said Ted. 
“So is Severus Snape, though he does not know it,” said Griphook, and the two goblins roared with malicious laughter. 
Inside the tent Harry’s breathing was shallow with excitement: Harry and Hermione stared at each other, listening as hard as Harry and Hermione could. 
“Didn’t you hear about that, Ted?” asked Dirk. 
“About the kids who tried to steal Gryffindor’s sword out of Snape ’s office at Hogwarts?” An electric current seemed to course through Harry, jangling Harry's every nerve as Harry stood rooted to the spot. 
“Never heard a word,” said Ted. 
“Not in the Prophet, was it?” “Hardly,” chortled Dirk. 
“Griphook here told me, “Griphook here heard about it from Bill Weasley who works for the bank. 
“She and a couple of friends got into Snape ’s office and smashed open the glass case where he was apparently keeping the sword. 
“What did they think, that they’d be able to use the sword on You-Know- Who? 
“Couple of days later, once he’d got the say-so from Voldemort, I imagine, he sent it down to London to be kept in Gringotts instead.” The goblins started to laugh again. 
“I’m still not seeing the joke,” said Ted. 
“It’s a fake,” rasped Griphook. 
“The sword of Gryffindor!” “Oh yes. 
“And I take it you didn’t bother telling the Death Eaters this?” “I saw no reason to trouble them with the information,” said Griphook smugly, and now Ted and Dean joined in Gornuk and Dirk’s laughter. 
Inside the tent, Harry closed Harry's eyes, willing someone to ask the question Harry needed answered, and after a minute that seemed ten, Dean obliged; Harry was (Harry remembered with a jolt) an ex-boyfriend of Ginny’s too. 
“What happened to Ginny and the others? 
“They’re okay, though?” asked Ted quickly. 
“I mean, the Weasleys don’t need any more of their kids injured, do the Weasleys?” “They suffered no serious injury, as far as I am aware,” said Griphook. 
“Lucky for them,” said Ted. 
“With Snape’s track record I suppose we should just be glad they’re still alive.” “You believe that story, then, do you, Ted?” asked Dirk. 
“You believe Snape killed Dumbledore?” “ ’Course I do,” said Ted. 
“You’re not going to sit there and tell me you think Potter had anything to do with it?” “Hard to know what to believe these days,” muttered Dirk. 
“I know Harry Potter,” said Dean. 
“And I reckon he’s the real thing — the Chosen One, or whatever you want to call it.” “Yeah, there’s a lot would like to believe he’s that, son,” said Dirk, “me included. 
“You deserve to be lied to if you’re still reading that muck, Dirk. 
At last he spluttered, “The Quibbler? 
“You want to give it a look. 
“Listen, the fact that they haven’t caught him yet’s one hell of an achievement,” said Ted. 
“I’d take tips from him gladly; it’s what we’re trying to do, stay free, isn’t it?” “Yeah, well, you’ve got a point there,” said Dirk heavily. 
“With the whole of the Ministry and all their informers looking for him I’d have expected him to be caught by now. 
There was a long pause filled with more clattering of knives and forks. 
When they spoke again it was to discuss whether they ought to sleep on the bank or retreat back up the wooded slope. 
Deciding the trees would give better cover, they extinguished their fire, then clambered back up the incline, their voices fading away. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione reeled in the Extendable Ears. 
Harry, who had found the need to remain silent increasingly difficult the longer they eavesdropped, now found himself unable to say more than, “Ginny — the sword — ” “I know!” said Hermione. 
Hermione lunged for the tiny beaded bag, this time sinking Hermione's arm in it right up to the armpit. 
“Here we are ” she said between gritted teeth, and she pulled at something that was evidently in the depths of the bag. 
Slowly the edge of an ornate picture frame came into sight. 
Harry hurried to help her. 
As they lifted the empty portrait of Phineas Nigellus free of Hermione’s bag, Hermione kept Hermione's wand pointing at it, ready to cast a spell at any moment. 
“If somebody swapped the real sword for the fake while it was in Dumbledore’s office,” she panted, as they propped the painting against the side of the tent, “Phineas Nigellus would have seen it happen, “Phineas Nigellus hangs right beside the case!” “Unless he was asleep,” said Harry, but he still held Harry's breath as Hermione knelt down in front of the empty canvas, Hermione's wand directed at its center, cleared her throat, then said: “Er — Phineas? 
“Phineas Nigellus?” said Hermione again. 
“Professor Black? 
At once, Hermione cried: “Obscuro\” A black blindfold appeared over Phineas Nigellus’s clever, dark eyes, causing him to bump into the frame and shriek with pain. 
“What — how dare — what are you — ?” “I’m very sorry, Professor Black,” said Hermione, “but it’s a necessary precaution!” “Remove this foul addition at once! 
“Can that possibly be the voice of the elusive Mister Potter?” “Maybe,” said Harry, knowing that this would keep Phineas Nigellus’s interest. 
“We’ve got a couple of questions to ask you — about the sword of Gryffindor.” “Ah,” said Phineas Nigellus, now turning his head this way and that in an effort to catch sight of Harry, “yes. 
Phineas Nigellus raised supercilious eyebrows. 
“Who else is here?” he asked, turning his head from side to side. 
“Your tone displeases me! 
“That sword isn’t Snape’s.” “It belongs to Professor Snape’s school,” said Phineas Nigellus. 
“Exactly what claim did the Weasley girl have upon it? 
“Where am I?” repeated Phineas Nigellus, starting to wrestle with the blindfold again. 
“Where have you brought me? 
“Professor Snape sent them into the Forbidden Forest, to do some work for the oaf, Hagrid.” “Hagrid’s not an oaf!” said Hermione shrilly. 
“And Professor Snape might’ve thought that was a punishment,” said Harry, “but Ginny, Neville, and Luna probably had a good laugh with Hagrid. 
“What we really wanted to know, Professor Black, is whether anyone else has, um, taken out the sword at all? 
“ Muggle-borns,” he said. 
“Goblin-made armor does not require cleaning, simple girl. 
“I grow weary of contradiction,” said Phineas Nigellus. 
“Perhaps it is time for me to return to the headmaster’s office?” Still blindfolded, he began groping the side of his frame, trying to feel his way out of his picture and back into the one at Hogwarts. 
Harry had a sudden inspiration. 
“Dumbledore! 
“Professor Dumbledore’s portrait — couldn’t you bring Dumbledore along, here, into yours?” Phineas Nigellus turned Dumbledore's face in the direction of Harry’s voice. 
“Evidently it is not only Muggle-borns who are ignorant, Potter. 
“Professor Black,” said Hermione, “couldn’t you just tell us, please, when was the last time the sword was taken out of the sword case? 
“I believe that the last time I saw the sword of Gryffindor leave the sword of Gryffindor case was when Professor Dumbledore used it to break open a ring.” Hermione whipped around to look at Harry. 
Neither of them dared say more in front of Phineas Nigellus, who had at last managed to locate the exit. 
“Well, good night to you,” he said a little waspishly, and he began to move out of sight again. 
Only the edge of his hat brim remained in view when Harry gave a sudden shout. 
“Wait! 
“Professor Snape has more important things on Professor Snape's mind than the many eccentricities of Albus Dumbledore. 
“Harry!” Hermione cried. 
“I know!” Harry shouted. 
Unable to contain himself, himself punched the air; it was more than himself had dared to hope for. 
himself strode up and down the tent, feeling that himself could have run a mile; himself did not even feel hungry anymore. 
Hermione was squashing Phineas Nigellus’s portrait back into the beaded bag; when Hermione had fastened the clasp Hermione threw the bag aside and raised a shining face to Harry. 
“The sword can destroy Horcruxes! 
Why hadn’t Dumbledore told n’t Dumbledore? 
Or had Dumbledore, in fact, told Harry, but Harry had not realized it at the time? 
“Think!” whispered Hermione. 
“Think! 
“Somewhere in Hogsmeade?” suggested Hermione. 
“The Shrieking Shack?” said Harry. 
“Nobody ever goes in there.” “But Snape knows how to get in, wouldn’t that be a bit risky?” “Dumbledore trusted Snape,” Harry reminded her. 
“Not enough to tell Harry that him had swapped the swords,” said Hermione. 
“Yeah, you’re right!” said Harry, and Harry felt even more cheered at the thought that Dumbledore had had some reservations, however faint, about Snape ’s trustworthiness. 
“So, would he have hidden the sword well away from Hogsmeade, then? 
For one bewildered moment he thought that Ron had left the tent, then realized that Ron was lying in the shadow of a lower bunk, looking stony. 
“Oh, remembered me, have you?” he said. 
“What?” Ron snorted as he stared up at the underside of the upper bunk. 
“You two carry on. 
“What’s the problem?” asked Harry. 
“Problem? 
“Not according to you, anyway.” There were several plunks on the canvas over their heads. 
It had started to rain. 
“Well, you’ve obviously got a problem,” said Harry. 
“Spit it out, will you?” Ron swung his long legs off the bed and sat up. 
He looked mean, unlike He. 
“All right, I’ll spit it out. 
The rain was falling harder and heavier; it pattered on the leaf-strewn bank all around them and into the river chattering through the dark. 
Dread doused Harry’s jubilation: Ron was saying exactly what he had suspected and feared he to be thinking. 
“It’s not like I’m not having the time of my life here,” said Ron, “you know, with my arm mangled and nothing to eat and freezing my backside off every night. 
“I thought you knew what you’d signed up for,” said Harry. 
“Yeah, I thought I did too.” “So what part of it isn’t living up to your expectations?” asked Harry. 
Anger was coming to Harry's defense now. 
“Did you think we’d be staying in five- star hotels? 
“We thought Dumbledore had told you what to do, We thought you had a real plan!” “Ron!” said Hermione, this time clearly audible over the rain thundering on the tent roof, but again, Dumbledore ignored Hermione. 
“Well, sorry to let you down,” said Harry, his voice quite calm even though his felt hollow, inadequate. 
“I’ve been straight with you from the start, I told you everything Dumbledore told me. 
“Please take it off. 
“D’you think I haven’t noticed the two of you whispering behind my back? 
“You said it too, you said you were disappointed, you said you’d thought he had a bit more to go on than — ” “I didn’t say it like that — Harry, I didn’t!” she cried. 
The rain was pounding the tent, tears were pouring down Hermione’s face, and the excitement of a few minutes before had vanished as if it had never been, a short-lived firework that had flared and died, leaving everything dark, wet, and cold. 
The sword of Gryffindor was hidden they knew not where, and they were three teenagers in a tent whose only achievement was not, yet, to be dead. 
“So why are you still here?” Harry asked Ron. 
“Search me,” said Ron. 
“Go home then,” said Harry. 
“Yeah, maybe I will!” shouted Ron, and he took several steps toward Harry, who did not back away. 
“Didn’t you hear what they said about my sister? 
“I don’t think it means anything new has happened, anything we don’t know about; think, Ron, Bill’s already scarred, plenty of people must have seen that George has lost an ear by now, and you’re supposed to be on your deathbed with spattergroit, I’m sure that’s all he meant — ” “Oh, you’re sure, are you? 
“And mine could be going the same way!” yelled Ron. 
“Then GO!” roared Harry. 
“Go back to them, pretend you’ve got over your spattergroit and Mummy’ll be able to feed you up and — ” Ron made a sudden movement: Harry reacted, but before either wand was clear of its owner’s pocket, Hermione had raised Hermione's own. 
“Protego\” Protego\ cried, and an invisible shield expanded between Protego\'s and Harry on the one side and Ron on the other; all of them were forced backward a few steps by the strength of the spell, and Harry and Ron glared from either side of the transparent barrier as though they were seeing each other clearly for the first time. 
Harry felt a corrosive hatred toward Ron: Something had broken between them. 
“Leave the Horcrux,” Harry said. 
Ron wrenched the chain from over his head and cast the locket into a nearby chair. 
He turned to Hermione. 
“What are you doing?” “What do you mean?” “Are you staying, or what?” “I ” She looked anguished. 
“Yes — yes, I’m staying. 
Harry stood quite still and silent, listening to her sobbing and calling Ron’s name amongst the trees. 
After a few minutes she returned, shis sopping hair plastered to shis face. 
“He’s g-g-gone! 
Harry felt dazed. 
Harry stooped, picked up the Horcrux, and placed it around Harry's own neck. 
He dragged blankets off Ron’s bunk and threw them over Hermione. 
Then Ron’s climbed onto Ron’s's own bed and stared up at the dark canvas roof, listening to the pounding of the rain. 
When Harry woke the following day it was several seconds before Harry remembered what had happened. 
Then Harry hoped, childishly, that it had been a dream, that Ron was still there and had never left. 
Yet by turning his head on his pillow his could see Ron’s deserted bunk. 
It was like a dead body in the way it seemed to draw his eyes. 
Harry jumped down from Harry's own bed, keeping Harry's eyes averted from Ron’s. 
Hermione, who was already busy in the kitchen, did not wish Harry good morning, but turned her face away quickly as he went by. 
he’s gone, Harry told Harry. 
Harry’s gone. 
Harry had to keep thinking it as Harry washed and dressed, as though repetition would dull the shock of it. 
Harry’s gone and Harry’s not coming back. 
And that was the simple truth of it, Harry knew, because their protective enchantments meant that it would be impossible, once they vacated this spot, for Ron to find them again. 
He and Hermione ate breakfast in silence. 
Hermione ’s eyes were puffy and red; she looked as if she had not slept. 
They packed up They's things, Hermione dawdling. 
Harry knew why she wanted to spin out their time on the riverbank; several times Harry saw shis look up eagerly, and Harry was sure she had deluded she into thinking that she heard footsteps through the heavy rain, but no red-haired figure appeared between the trees. 
Every time Harry imitated she, looked around (for Harry could not help hoping a little, Harry) and saw nothing but rain-swept woods, another little parcel of fury exploded inside Harry. 
Harry could hear Ron saying, “ We thought you knew what you were doing \” , and he resumed packing with a hard knot in the pit of his stomach. 
The muddy river beside them was rising rapidly and would soon spill over onto them's bank. 
them had lingered a good hour after them would usually have departed them's campsite. 
Finally having entirely repacked the beaded bag three times, Hermione seemed unable to find any more reasons to delay: Hermione and Harry grasped hands and Disapparated, reappearing on a windswept heather-covered hillside. 
The instant they arrived, Hermione dropped Harry’s hand and walked away from Harry, finally sitting down on a large rock, Hermione's face on Hermione's knees, shaking with what Harry knew were sobs. 
Harry watched her, supposing that Harry ought to go and comfort her, but something kept Harry rooted to the spot. 
Everything inside Harry felt cold and tight: Again Harry saw the contemptuous expression on Ron’s face. 
Harry strode off through the heather, walking in a large circle with the distraught Hermione at its center, casting the spells she usually performed to ensure their protection. 
They did not discuss Ron at all over the next few days. 
Harry was determined never to mention Harry's name again, and Hermione seemed to know that it was no use forcing the issue, although sometimes at night when she thought he was sleeping, he would hear shis crying. 
Meanwhile Harry had started bringing out the Marauder’s Map and examining the Marauder’s Map by wandlight. 
Harry was waiting for the moment when Ron’s labeled dot would reappear in the corridors of Hogwarts, proving that Harry had returned to the comfortable castle, protected by Harry's status of pureblood. 
However, Ron did not appear on the map, and after a while Harry found Harry taking it out simply to stare at Ginny’s name in the girls’ dormitory, wondering whether the intensity with which Harry gazed at it might break into her sleep, that her would somehow know Harry was thinking about her, hoping that her was all right. 
By day, they devoted they to trying to determine the possible locations of Gryffindor’s sword, but the more they talked about the places in which Dumbledore might have hidden it, the more desperate and far-fetched their speculation became. 
Cudgel his brains though his might, Harry could not remember Dumbledore ever mentioning a place in which Harry might hide something. 
There were moments when Harry did not know whether Harry was angrier with Ron or with Dumbledore. 
We thought you knew what you were doing . 
We thought Dumbledore had told you what to do . 
We thought you had a real plan\ a real plan\ could not hide a real plan\ from a real plan\: Ron had been right. 
Dumbledore had left Dumbledore with virtually nothing. 
They had discovered one Horcrux, but They had no means of destroying it: The others were as unattainable as The others had ever been. 
Hopelessness threatened to engulf him. 
him was staggered now to think of him's own presumption in accepting him's friends’ offers to accompany him on this meandering, pointless journey. 
him knew nothing, him had no ideas, and him was constantly, painfully on the alert for any indication that Hermione too was about to tell him that Hermione had had enough, that Hermione was leaving. 
They were spending many evenings in near silence, and Hermione took to bringing out Phineas Nigellus’s portrait and propping it up in a chair, as though he might fill part of the gaping hole left by Ron’s departure. 
Despite his previous assertion that his would never visit them again, Phineas Nigellus did not seem able to resist the chance to find out more about what Harry was up to, and consented to reappear, blindfolded, every few days or so. 
Harry was even glad to see Harry, because Harry was company, albeit of a snide and taunting kind. 
They relished any news about what was happening at Hogwarts, though Phineas Nigellus was not an ideal informer. 
Phineas Nigellus venerated Snape, the first Slytherin headmaster since he himself had controlled the school, and they had to be careful not to criticize or ask impertinent questions about Snape, or Phineas Nigellus would instantly leave his painting. 
However, his did let drop certain snippets. 
Snape seemed to be facing a constant, low level of mutiny from a hard core of students. 
Ginny had been banned from going into Hogsmeade. 
Snape had reinstated Umbridge’s old decree forbidding gatherings of three or more students or any unofficial student societies. 
From all of these things, Harry deduced that Ginny, and probably Neville and Luna along with her, had been doing their best to continue Dumbledore’s Army. 
This scant news made Harry want to see Ginny so badly it felt like a stomachache; but This scant news also made Harry think of Ron again, and of Dumbledore, and of Hogwarts itself, which Harry missed nearly as much as Harry's ex-girlfriend. 
Indeed, as Phineas Nigellus talked about Snape ’s crackdown, Harry experienced a split second of madness when Harry imagined simply going back to school to join the destabilization of Snape’s regime: Being fed, and having a soft bed, and other people being in charge, seemed the most wonderful prospect in the world at that moment. 
But then Harry remembered that Harry was Undesirable Number One, that there was a ten-thousand-Galleon price on Harry's head, and that to walk into Hogwarts these days was just as dangerous as walking into the Ministry of Magic. 
Indeed, Phineas Nigellus inadvertently emphasized this fact by slipping in leading questions about Harry and Hermione’s whereabouts. 
Hermione shoved him back inside the beaded bag every time him did this, and Phineas Nigellus invariably refused to reappear for several days after these unceremonious good-byes. 
The weather grew colder and colder. 
They did not dare remain in any one area too long, so rather than staying in the south of England, where a hard ground frost was the worst of They's worries, They continued to meander up and down the country, braving a mountainside, where sleet pounded the tent; a wide, flat marsh, where the tent was flooded with chill water; and a tiny island in the middle of a Scottish loch, where snow half buried the tent in the night. 
They had already spotted Christmas trees twinkling from several sitting room windows before there came an evening when Harry resolved to suggest, again, what seemed to Harry the only unexplored avenue left to They. 
They had just eaten an unusually good meal: Hermione had been to a supermarket under the Invisibility Cloak (scrupulously dropping the money into an open till as Hermione left), and Harry thought that Hermione might be more persuadable than usual on a stomach full of spaghetti Bolognese and tinned pears. 
Harry had also had the foresight to suggest that they take a few hours’ break from wearing the Horcrux, which was hanging over the end of the bunk beside Harry. 
“Hermione?” “Hmm?” She was curled up in one of the sagging armchairs with The Tales of Beedle the Bard. 
He could not imagine how much more She could get out of the book, which was not, after all, very long; but evidently She was still deciphering something in it, because Spellman’s Syllabary lay open on the arm of the chair. 
Harry cleared Harry's throat. 
Harry felt exactly as Harry had done on the occasion, several years previously, when Harry had asked Professor McGonagall whether Professor McGonagall could go into Hogsmeade, despite the fact that he had not persuaded the Dursleys to sign his permission slip. 
“Hermione, I’ve been thinking, and — ” “Harry, could you help me with something?” Apparently Hermione had not been listening to “Harry. 
Apparently Hermione leaned forward and held out The Tales of Beedle the Bard. 
“Look at that symbol,” Hermione said, pointing to the top of a page. 
Above what Harry assumed was the title of the story (being unable to read runes, Harry could not be sure) , there was a picture of what looked like a triangular eye, its pupil crossed with a vertical line. 
“I never took Ancient Runes, Hermione.” “I know that, but it isn’t a rune and it’s not in the syllabary, either. 
“Isn’t it the same symbol Luna’s dad was wearing round his neck?” “Well, that’s what I thought too!” “Then it’s Grindelwald’s mark.” She stared at him, openmouthed. 
“What?” “Krum told me ” He recounted the story that Viktor Krum had told He at the wedding. 
Hermione looked astonished. 
“ Grindelwald’s mark?” She looked from Harry to the weird symbol and back again. 
“I’ve never heard that Grindelwald had a mark. 
“That’s very odd. 
“And you’d think Scrimgeour would have recognized it. 
Harry tried again. 
“Hermione?” “Hmm?” “I’ve been thinking. 
“Yes,” she said. 
“Yes, I’ve been wondering that too. 
“Of course I did. 
At that, she looked just as bewildered as he felt. 
“Well, the sword, Harry! 
“I might’ve opened it, you know, when I bought it just the once. 
She sounded much more like Shis old self than She had done of late; Harry half expected Shis to announce that She was off to the library. 
“There’s a bit about the village in A History of Magic, wait ” She opened the beaded bag and rummaged for a while, finally extracting Shis copy of their old school textbook, A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot, which she thumbed through until finding the page she wanted. 
“ ‘Upon the signature of the International Statute of Secrecy in 1689, wizards went into hiding for good. 
For him, the lure of the village lay in his parents’ graves, the house where he had narrowly escaped death, and in the person of Bathilda Bagshot. 
“Remember what Muriel said?” he asked eventually. 
“Who?” “You know,” he hesitated: he did not want to say Ron’s name. 
“Ginny’s great-aunt. 
It was a sticky moment: Harry knew that she had sensed Ron’s name in the offing. 
Harry rushed on: “She said Bathilda Bagshot still lives in Godric’s Hollow.” “Bathilda Bagshot,” murmured Hermione, running Shis index finger over Bathilda’s embossed name on the front cover of A History of Magic. 
“Well, I suppose She gasped so dramatically that Harry’s insides turned over; Harry drew Harry's wand, looking around at the entrance, half expecting to see a hand forcing its way through the entrance flap, but there was nothing there. 
“What did you do that for? 
Bathilda would be an extremely old woman by now, and according to Muriel, Muriel was “gaga.” Was it likely that Dumbledore would have hidden the sword of Gryffindor with her? 
If so, Harry felt that Dumbledore had left a great deal to chance: Dumbledore had never revealed that he had replaced the sword with a fake, nor had he so much as mentioned a friendship with Bathilda. 
Now, however, was not the moment to cast doubt on Hermione’s theory, not when she was so surprisingly willing to fall in with Harry’s dearest wish. 
“Yeah, he might have done! 
“We’ll need to practice Disapparating together under the Invisibility Cloak for a start, and perhaps Disillusionment Charms would be sensible too, unless you think we should go the whole hog and use Polyjuice Potion? 
For the first time since he had discovered that the sword in Gringotts was a fake, he felt excited. 
he was about to go home, about to return to the place where he had had a family. 
It was in Godric’s Hollow that, but for Voldemort, Voldemort would have grown up and spent every school holiday. 
Voldemort could have invited friends to Voldemort's house. 
Voldemort might even have had brothers and sisters. 
It would have been his mother who had made his seventeenth birthday cake. 
The life he had lost had hardly ever seemed so real to he as at this moment, when he knew he was about to see the place where it had been taken from he. 
After Hermione had gone to bed that night, Harry quietly extracted Harry's rucksack from Hermione ’s beaded bag, and from inside it, the photograph album Hagrid had given Harry so long ago. 
For the first time in months, Harry perused the old pictures of Harry's parents, smiling and waving up at Harry from the images, which were all Harry had left of them now. 
Harry would gladly have set out for Godric’s Hollow the following day, but Hermione had other ideas. 
Convinced as Hermione was that Voldemort would expect Harry to return to the scene of Harry's parents’ deaths, she was determined that they would set off only after they had ensured that they had the best disguises possible. 
It was therefore a full week later — once they had surreptitiously obtained hairs from innocent Muggles who were Christmas shopping, and had practiced Apparating and Disapparating while underneath the Invisibility Cloak together — that Hermione agreed to make the journey. 
They were to Apparate to the village under cover of darkness, so it was late afternoon when they finally swallowed Polyjuice Potion, Harry transforming into a balding, middle-aged Muggle man, Hermione into his small and rather mousy wife. 
The beaded bag containing all of their possessions (apart from the Horcrux, which Harry was wearing around Harry's neck) was tucked into an inside pocket of Hermione ’s buttoned-up coat. 
Harry lowered the Invisibility Cloak over them, then them turned into the suffocating darkness once again. 
Heart beating in his throat, Harry opened Harry's eyes. 
They were standing hand in hand in a snowy lane under a dark blue sky, in which the night’s first stars were already glimmering feebly. 
Cottages stood on either side of the narrow road, Christmas decorations twinkling in Cottages's windows. 
A short way ahead of them, a glow of golden streetlights indicated the center of the village. 
“All this snow!” Hermione whispered beneath the cloak. 
“Why didn’t we think of snow? 
“Let’s take off the Cloak,” said Harry, and when she looked frightened, “Oh, come on, we don’t look like us and there’s no one around.” He stowed the Cloak under He's jacket and they made their way forward unhampered, the icy air stinging their faces as they passed more cottages: Any one of they might have been the one in which James and Lily had once lived or where Bathilda lived now. 
Harry gazed at the front doors, their snow-burdened roofs, and their front porches, wondering whether Harry remembered any of them, knowing deep inside that it was impossible, that Harry had been little more than a year old when Harry had left this place forever. 
Harry was not even sure whether Harry would be able to see the cottage at all; Harry did not know what happened when the subjects of a Fidelius Charm died. 
Then the little lane along which they were walking curved to the left and the heart of the village, a small square, was revealed to they. 
Strung all around with colored lights, there was what looked like a war memorial in the middle, partly obscured by a windblown Christmas tree. 
There were several shops, a post office, a pub, and a little church whose stained-glass windows were glowing jewel- bright across the square. 
The snow here had become impacted: It was hard and slippery where people had trodden on it all day. 
Villagers were crisscrossing in front of Villagers, Villagers's figures briefly illuminated by streetlamps. 
Villagers heard a snatch of laughter and pop music as the pub door opened and closed; then Villagers heard a carol start up inside the little church. 
“Harry, I think it’s Christmas Eve!” said Hermione. 
“Is it?” He had lost track of the date; they had not seen a newspaper for weeks. 
“I’m sure it is,” said Hermione, her eyes upon the church. 
“They They’ll be in there, won’t They? 
Now that he was so near, he wondered whether he wanted to see after all. 
Perhaps Hermione knew how he was feeling, because Hermione reached for his hand and took the lead for the first time, pulling he forward. 
Halfway across the square, however, Hermione stopped dead. 
“Harry, look!” Hermione was pointing at the war memorial. 
As they had passed it, it had transformed. 
Instead of an obelisk covered in names, there was a statue of three people: a man with untidy hair and glasses, a woman with long hair and a kind, pretty face, and a baby boy sitting in his mother’s arms. 
Snow lay upon all their heads, like fluffy white caps. 
Harry drew closer, gazing up into Harry's parents’ faces. 
Harry had never imagined that there would be a statue. 
How strange it was to see Harry represented in stone, a happy baby without a scar on Harry's forehead. 
“C’mon,” said Harry, when he had looked his fill, and they turned again toward the church. 
As they crossed the road, he glanced over his shoulder; the statue had turned back into the war memorial. 
The singing grew louder as they approached the church. 
It made Harry’s throat constrict, it reminded Harry so forcefully of Hogwarts, of Peeves bellowing rude versions of carols from inside suits of armor, of the Great Hall’s twelve Christmas trees, of Dumbledore wearing a bonnet he had won in a cracker, of Ron in a hand-knitted sweater . 
There was a kissing gate at the entrance to the graveyard. 
Hermione pushed it open as quietly as possible and they edged through it. 
On either side of the slippery path to the church doors, the snow lay deep and untouched. 
They moved off through the snow, carving deep trenches behind They as They walked around the building, keeping to the shadows beneath the brilliant windows. 
Behind the church, row upon row of snowy tombstones protruded from a blanket of pale blue that was flecked with dazzling red, gold, and green wherever the reflections from the stained glass hit the snow. 
Keeping his hand closed tightly on the wand in his jacket pocket, Harry moved toward the nearest grave. 
“Look at this, it’s an Abbott, could be some long-lost relation of Hannah’s!” “Keep your voice down,” Hermione begged him. 
They waded deeper and deeper into the graveyard, gouging dark tracks into the snow behind them, stooping to peer at the words on old headstones, every now and then squinting into the surrounding darkness to make absolutely sure that they were unaccompanied . 
“Harry, here!” Hermione was two rows of tombstones away; he had to wade back to Hermione, his heart positively banging in his chest. 
“Is it — ?” “No, but look!” Hermione pointed to the dark stone. 
Harry stooped down and saw, upon the frozen, lichen-spotted granite, the words KENDRA DUMBLEDORE and, a short way below her dates of birth and death, AND HER DAUGHTER ARIANA. 
There was also a quotation: Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also. 
So Rita Skeeter and Muriel had got some of Rita Skeeter and Muriel's facts right. 
The Dumbledore family had indeed lived here, and part of it had died here. 
Seeing the grave was worse than hearing about it. 
Harry could not help thinking that Harry and Dumbledore both had deep roots in this graveyard, and that Dumbledore ought to have told Harry so, yet Harry had never thought to share the connection. 
They could have visited the place together; for a moment Harry imagined coming here with Dumbledore, of what a bond that would have been, of how much it would have meant to Harry. 
But it seemed that to Dumbledore, the fact that their families lay side by side in the same graveyard had been an unimportant coincidence, irrelevant, perhaps, to the job he wanted Harry to do. 
Hermione was looking at Harry, and Harry was glad that Harry's face was hidden in shadow. 
He read the words on the tombstone again. 
Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also. 
He did not understand what these words meant. 
Surely Dumbledore had chosen them, as the eldest member of the family once Dumbledore's mother had died. 
“Are you sure he never mentioned — ?” Hermione began. 
“No,” said Harry curtly, then, “let’s keep looking,” and Harry turned away, wishing Harry had not seen the stone: Harry did not want Harry's excited trepidation tainted with resentment. 
“Here!” cried Hermione again a few moments later from out of the darkness. 
“Oh no, sorry! 
“Harry, come back a moment.” Harry did not want to be sidetracked again, and only grudgingly made Harry's way back through the snow toward her. 
“What?” “Look at this!” The grave was extremely old, weathered so that Harry could hardly make out the name. 
Hermione showed Harry the symbol beneath it. 
“Harry, that’s the mark in the book!” He peered at the place she indicated: The stone was so worn that it was hard to make out what was engraved there, though there did seem to be a triangular mark beneath the nearly illegible name. 
“Yeah it could be. 
“It says Ig — Ignotus, I think. 
Every now and then Ig — Ignotus recognized a surname that, like Abbott, Ig — Ignotus had met at Hogwarts. 
Sometimes there were several generations of the same Wizarding family represented in the graveyard: Harry could tell from the dates that it had either died out, or the current members had moved away from Godric’s Hollow. 
Deeper and deeper amongst the graves Harry went, and every time Harry reached a new headstone Harry felt a little lurch of apprehension and anticipation. 
The darkness and the silence seemed to become, all of a sudden, much deeper. 
Harry looked around, worried, thinking of dementors, then realized that the carols had finished, that the chatter and flurry of churchgoers were fading away as they made their way back into the square. 
Somebody inside the church had just turned off the lights. 
Then Hermione’s voice came out of the blackness for the third time, sharp and clear from a few yards away. 
“Harry, they’re here right here.” And he knew by her tone that it was his mother and father this time: He moved toward her, feeling as if something heavy were pressing on He's chest, the same sensation He had had right after Dumbledore had died, a grief that had actually weighed on He's heart and lungs. 
The headstone was only two rows behind Kendra and Ariana’s. 
It was made of white marble, just like Dumbledore’s tomb, and this made it easy to read, as it seemed to shine in the dark. 
Harry did not need to kneel or even approach very close to it to make out the words engraved upon it. 
The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death. 
Harry read the words slowly, as though Harry would have only one chance to take in their meaning, and Harry read the last of their aloud. 
“ The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death’” A horrible thought came to him, and with it a kind of panic. 
“Isn’t that a Death Eater idea? 
“It means you know living beyond death. 
The empty words could not disguise the fact that his parents’ moldering remains lay beneath snow and stone, indifferent, unknowing. 
And tears came before he could stop them, boiling hot then instantly freezing on his face, and what was the point in wiping them off or pretending? 
he let them fall, his lips pressed hard together, looking down at the thick snow hiding from his eyes the place where the last of Lily and James lay, bones now, surely, or dust, not knowing or caring that their living son stood so near, their living son's heart still beating, alive because of their sacrifice and close to wishing, at this moment, that he was sleeping under the snow with them. 
Hermione had taken his hand again and was gripping it tightly. 
he could not look at Hermione, but returned the pressure, now taking deep, sharp gulps of the night air, trying to steady he, trying to regain control. 
he should have brought something to give them, and he had not thought of it, and every plant in the graveyard was leafless and frozen. 
But Hermione raised Hermione's wand, moved wand in a circle through the air, and a wreath of Christmas roses blossomed before them. 
Harry caught it and laid it on Harry's parents’ grave. 
As soon as Harry stood up Harry wanted to leave: Harry did not think Harry could stand another moment there. 
Harry put Harry's arm around Hermione’s shoulders, and Hermione put hers around Harry's waist, and they turned in silence and walked away through the snow, past Dumbledore’s mother and sister, back toward the dark church and the out-of-sight kissing gate. 
“Harry, stop.” “What’s wrong?” They had only just reached the grave of the unknown Abbott. 
“There’s someone there. 
Harry could not see anything. 
“Are you sure?” “I saw something move, I could have sworn I did. 
“We look like Muggles,” Harry pointed out. 
“Muggles who ’ve just been laying flowers on your parents’ grave! 
But then Muggles who ’ heard a rustle and saw a little eddy of dislodged snow in the bush to which Hermione had pointed. 
Ghosts could not move snow. 
“It’s a cat,” said Harry, after a second or two, “or a bird. 
Harry, who did not feel as sanguine as he had pretended when reassuring Hermione, was glad to reach the gate and the slippery pavement. 
They pulled the Invisibility Cloak back over They. 
The pub was fuller than before: Many voices inside The pub were now singing the carol that Many voices inside The pub had heard as Many voices inside The pub approached the church. 
For a moment Harry considered suggesting they take refuge inside it, but before Harry could say anything Hermione murmured, “Let’s go this way,” and pulled Harry down the dark street leading out of the village in the opposite direction from which they had entered. 
Harry could make out the point where the cottages ended and the lane turned into open country again. 
They walked as quickly as They dared, past more windows sparkling with multicolored lights, the outlines of Christmas trees dark through the curtains. 
“How are we going to find Bathilda’s house?” asked Hermione, who was shivering a little and kept glancing back over her shoulder. 
“Harry? 
He was looking toward the dark mass that stood at the very end of this row of houses. 
Next moment He had sped up, dragging Hermione along with He; Hermione slipped a little on the ice. 
“Harry — ” “Look. 
The hedge had grown wild in the sixteen years since Hagrid had taken Harry from the rubble that lay scattered amongst the waist-high grass. 
Most of the cottage was still standing, though entirely covered in dark ivy and snow, but the right side of the top floor had been blown apart; that, Harry was sure, was where the curse had backfired. 
Harry and Hermione stood at the gate, gazing up at the wreck of what must once have been a cottage just like those that flanked it. 
“I wonder why nobody’s ever rebuilt it?” whispered Hermione. 
“Maybe you can’t rebuild it?” Harry replied. 
“Maybe it’s like the injuries from Dark Magic and you can’t repair the damage?” He slipped a hand from beneath the Cloak and grasped the snowy and thickly rusted gate, not wishing to open the Cloak, but simply to hold some part of the house. 
“You’re not going to go inside? 
A sign had risen out of the ground in front of them, up through the tangles of nettles and weeds, like some bizarre, fast-growing flower, and in golden letters upon the wood it said: On this spot, on the night of 31 October 1 981, Lily and James Potter lost Lily and James Potter's lives. 
Their son, Harry, remains the only wizard ever to have survived the Killing Curse. 
This house, invisible to Muggles, has been left in its ruined state as a monument to the Potters and as a reminder of the violence that tore apart their family. 
And all around these neatly lettered words, scribbles had been added by other witches and wizards who had come to see the place where the Boy Who Lived had escaped. 
Some had merely signed Some's names in Everlasting Ink; others had carved Some's initials into the wood, still others had left messages. 
The most recent of these, shining brightly over sixteen years’ worth of magical graffiti, all said similar things. 
Good luck, Harry, wherever you are. 
If you read this, Harry, we’re all behind you! 
Long live Harry Potter. 
“They shouldn’t have written on the sign!” said Hermione, indignant. 
But Harry beamed at her. 
“It’s brilliant. 
A heavily muffled figure was hobbling up the lane toward them, silhouetted by the bright lights in the distant square. 
Harry thought, though it was hard to judge, that A heavily muffled figure was a woman. 
She was moving slowly, possibly frightened of slipping on the snowy ground. 
She stoop, Shis stoutness, Shis shuffling gait all gave an impression of extreme age. 
They watched in silence as she drew nearer. 
Harry was waiting to see whether she would turn into any of the cottages she was passing, but Harry knew instinctively that she would not. 
At last she came to a halt a few yards from them and simply stood there in the middle of the frozen road, facing them. 
He did not need Hermione’s pinch to He's arm. 
There was next to no chance that this woman was a Muggle: this woman was standing there gazing at a house that ought to have been completely invisible to this woman, if this woman was not a witch. 
Even assuming that this woman was a witch, however, it was odd behavior to come out on a night this cold, simply to look at an old ruin. 
By all the rules of normal magic, meanwhile, she ought not to be able to see Hermione and him at all. 
Nevertheless, Harry had the strangest feeling that she knew that they were there, and also who they were. 
Just as Harry had reached this uneasy conclusion, she raised a gloved hand and beckoned. 
Hermione moved closer to him under the Cloak, Hermione's arm pressed against him. 
“How does she know?” He shook He's head. 
The woman beckoned again, more vigorously. 
Harry could think of many reasons not to obey the summons, and yet Harry's suspicions about The woman's identity were growing stronger every moment that identity stood facing each other in the deserted street. 
Was it possible that she had been waiting for them all these long months? 
That Dumbledore had told shis to wait, and that Harry would come in the end? 
Was it not likely that it was she who had moved in the shadows in the graveyard and had followed them to this spot? 
Even shis ability to sense them suggested some Dumbledore-ish power that he had never encountered before. 
Finally Harry spoke, causing Hermione to gasp and jump. 
“Are you Bathilda?” The muffled figure nodded and beckoned again. 
Beneath the Cloak Harry and Hermione looked at each other. 
Harry raised Harry's eyebrows; Hermione gave a tiny, nervous nod. 
They stepped toward the woman and, at once, the woman turned and hobbled off back the way They had come. 
Leading They past several houses, the woman turned in at a gate. 
They followed the woman's up the front path through a garden nearly as overgrown as the one They had just left. 
She fumbled for a moment with a key at the front door, then opened it and stepped back to let them pass. 
She smelled bad, or perhaps it was Shis house: Harry wrinkled Harry's nose as they sidled past her and pulled off the Cloak. 
Now that he was beside She, he realized how tiny She was; bowed down with age, She came barely level with his chest. 
She closed the door behind them, Shis knuckles blue and mottled against the peeling paint, then turned and peered into Harry’s face. 
She eyes were thick with cataracts and sunken into folds of transparent skin, and Shis whole face was dotted with broken veins and liver spots. 
He wondered whether she could make He out at all; even if she could, it was the balding Muggle whose identity he had stolen that she would see. 
The odor of old age, of dust, of unwashed clothes and stale food intensified as she unwound a moth-eaten black shawl, revealing a head of scant white hair through which the scalp showed clearly. 
“Bathilda?” Harry repeated. 
She nodded again. 
Harry became aware of the locket against Harry's skin; the thing inside it that sometimes ticked or beat had woken; Harry could feel it pulsing through the cold gold. 
Did it know, could it sense, that the thing that would destroy it was near? 
Bathilda shuffled past them, pushing Hermione aside as though Hermione had not seen Hermione, and vanished into what seemed to be a sitting room. 
“Harry, I’m not sure about this,” breathed Hermione. 
“Look at the size of Hermione; I think we could overpower Hermione's if we had to,” said Harry. 
“Listen, I should have told you, I knew Hermione wasn’t all there. 
Hermione jumped and clutched Harry’s arm. 
“It’s okay,” said Harry reassuringly, and Harry led the way into the sitting room. 
Bathilda was tottering around the place lighting candles, but Bathilda was still very dark, not to mention extremely dirty. 
Thick dust crunched beneath their feet, and Harry’s nose detected, underneath the dank and mildewed smell, something worse, like meat gone bad. 
He wondered when was the last time anyone had been inside Bathilda’s house to check whether she was coping. 
she seemed to have forgotten that she could do magic, too, for she lit the candles clumsily by hand, shis trailing lace cuff in constant danger of catching fire. 
“Let me do that,” offered Harry, and Harry took the matches from her. 
her stood watching Harry as Harry finished lighting the candle stubs that stood on saucers around the room, perched precariously on stacks of books and on side tables crammed with cracked and moldy cups. 
The last surface on which Harry spotted a candle was a bow-fronted chest of drawers on which there stood a large number of photographs. 
When the flame danced into life, the flame reflection wavered on their dusty glass and silver. 
He saw a few tiny movements from the pictures. 
As Bathilda fumbled with logs for the fire, He muttered “ Tergeo ”: The dust vanished from the photographs, and He saw at once that half a dozen were missing from the largest and most ornate frames. 
He wondered whether Bathilda or somebody else had removed them. 
Then the sight of a photograph near the back of the collection caught his eye, and his snatched it up. 
It was the golden-haired, merry-faced thief, the young man who had perched on Gregorovitch’s windowsill, smiling lazily up at Harry out of the silver frame. 
And it came to Harry instantly where Harry had seen the boy before: in The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore, arm in arm with the teenage Dumbledore, and that must be where all the missing photographs were: in Rita’s book. 
“Mistress — Miss — Bagshot?” he said, and his voice shook slightly. 
“Who is this?” Bathilda was standing in the middle of the room watching Hermione light the fire for her. 
“Miss Bagshot?” Harry repeated, and Bagshot?” Harry advanced with the picture in Bagshot?” Harry's hands as the flames burst into life in the fireplace. 
Bathilda looked up at Bathilda's voice, and the Horcrux beat faster upon his chest. 
“Who is this person?” Harry asked her, pushing the picture forward. 
her peered at it solemnly, then up at Harry. 
“Do you know who this is?” he repeated in a much slower and louder voice than usual. 
“This man? 
Harry felt an awful frustration. 
How had Rita Skeeter unlocked Bathilda’s memories? 
“Who is this man?” this man repeated loudly. 
“Harry, what are you doing?” asked Hermione. 
“This picture, Hermione, it’s the thief, the thief who stole from Gregorovitch! 
“Who is this?” But she only stared at him. 
“Why did you ask us to come with you, Mistress — Miss — Bagshot?” asked Hermione, raising Hermione's own voice. 
“Was there something you wanted to tell us?” Giving no sign that she had heard Hermione, Bathilda now shuffled a few steps closer to Harry. 
With a little jerk of her head her looked back into the hall. 
“You want us to leave?” he asked. 
She repeated the gesture, this time pointing firstly at he, then at She, then at the ceiling. 
“Oh, right Hermione, I think Hermione wants me to go upstairs with Hermione.” “All right,” said Hermione, “let’s go.” But when Hermione moved, Bathilda shook Hermione's head with surprising vigor, once more pointing first at Harry, then to Hermione. 
“Hermione wants me to go with Hermione, alone.” “Why?” asked Hermione, and Hermione's voice rang out sharp and clear in the candlelit room; the old lady shook her head a little at the loud noise. 
“Maybe Dumbledore told Hermione's to give the sword to me, and only to me?” “Do you really think she knows who you are?” “Yes,” said Harry, looking down into the milky eyes fixed upon Harry's own, “I think she does.” “Well, okay then, but be quick, Harry.” “Lead the way,” Harry told Bathilda. 
she seemed to understand, because she shuffled around him toward the door. 
Harry glanced back at Hermione with a reassuring smile, but Harry was not sure Hermione had seen it; Hermione stood hugging Hermione in the midst of the candlelit squalor, looking toward the bookcase. 
As Harry walked out of the room, unseen by both Hermione and Bathilda, Harry slipped the silver- P a g e ? 
The stairs were steep and narrow: Harry was half tempted to place Harry's hands on stout Bathilda’s backside to ensure that stout Bathilda’s did not topple over backward on top of him, which seemed only too likely. 
Slowly, wheezing a little, she climbed to the upper landing, turned immediately right, and led Harry into a low-ceilinged bedroom. 
It was pitch-black and smelled horrible: Harry had just made out a chamber pot protruding from under the bed before Bathilda closed the door and even that was swallowed by the darkness. 
“Lumos,” said Harry, and his wand ignited. 
wand gave a start: Bathilda had moved close to wand in those few seconds of darkness, and wand had not heard her approach. 
“You are Potter?” she whispered. 
“Yes, I am.” she nodded slowly, solemnly. 
Harry felt the Horcrux beating fast, faster than Harry's own heart: It was an unpleasant, agitating sensation. 
“Have you got anything for me?” Harry asked, but she seemed distracted by Harry's lit wand-tip. 
“Have you got anything for me?” he repeated. 
Then she closed shis eyes and several things happened at once: Harry’s scar prickled painfully; the Horcrux twitched so that the front of Harry's sweater actually moved; the dark, fetid room dissolved momentarily. 
Harry felt a leap of joy and spoke in a high, cold voice: Hold Harry). 
Harry swayed where Harry stood: The dark, foul-smelling room seemed to close around Harry again; Harry did not know what had just happened. 
“Have you got anything for me?” he asked for a third time, much louder. 
“Over here,” she whispered, pointing to the corner. 
Harry raised Harry's wand and saw the outline of a cluttered dressing table beneath the curtained window. 
This time she did not lead him. 
Harry edged between shis and the unmade bed, Harry's wand raised. 
Harry did not want to look away from her. 
“What is it?” Harry asked as Harry reached the dressing table, which was heaped high with what looked and smelled like dirty laundry. 
“There,” she said, pointing at the shapeless mass. 
And in the instant that he looked away, his eyes raking the tangled mess for a sword hilt, a ruby, she moved weirdly: he saw it out of the corner of his eye; panic made he turn and horror paralyzed he as he saw the old body collapsing and the great snake pouring from the place where shis neck had been. 
The snake struck as he raised his wand: The force of the bite to his forearm sent the wand spinning up toward the ceiling; its light swung dizzyingly around the room and was extinguished: Then a powerful blow from the tail to his midriff knocked the breath out of his: his fell backward onto the dressing table, into the mound of filthy clothing — his rolled sideways, narrowly avoiding the snake’s tail, which thrashed down upon the table where his had been a second earlier: Fragments of the glass surface rained upon his as his hit the floor. 
From below his heard Hermione call, “Harry?” his could not get enough breath into his lungs to call back: Then a heavy smooth mass smashed his to the floor and his felt it slide over his, powerful, muscular “No!” No! 
“Yes,” whispered the voice. 
“Yesss hold you hold you ” “Accio Accio Wand ” But nothing happened and he needed his hands to try to force the snake from he as it coiled itself around his torso, squeezing the air from he, pressing the Horcrux hard into his chest, a circle of ice that throbbed with life, inches from his own frantic heart, and his brain was flooding with cold, white light, all thought obliterated, his own breath drowned, distant footsteps, everything going. 
A metal heart was banging outside his chest, and now his was flying, flying with triumph in his heart, without need of broomstick or thestral. 
He was abruptly awake in the sour-smelling darkness; Nagini had released He. 
He scrambled up and saw the snake outlined against the landing light: the snake struck, and Hermione dived aside with a shriek; Hermione's deflected curse hit the curtained window, which shattered. 
Frozen air filled the room as Harry ducked to avoid another shower of broken glass and Harry's foot slipped on a pencil-like something — his wand — Harry bent and snatched it up, but now the room was full of the snake, the room tail thrashing; Hermione was nowhere to be seen and for a moment Harry thought the worst, but then there was a loud bang and a flash of red light, and the snake flew into the air, smacking Harry hard in the face as it went, coil after heavy coil rising up to the ceiling. 
Harry raised Harry's wand, but as Harry did so, Harry's scar seared more painfully, more powerfully than it had done in years. 
“He’s coming! 
Everything was chaos: It smashed shelves from the wall, and splintered china flew everywhere as Harry jumped over the bed and seized the dark shape Harry knew to be Hermione — She shrieked with pain as Harry pulled Shis back across the bed: The snake reared again, but Harry knew that worse than the snake was coming, was perhaps already at the gate, Harry's head was going to split open with the pain from Harry's scar — The snake lunged as he took a running leap, dragging Hermione with The snake; as it struck, Hermione screamed, “ ConfringoV’ and Hermione's spell flew around the room, exploding the wardrobe mirror and ricocheting back at them, bouncing from floor to ceiling; Harry felt the heat of it sear the back of Harry's hand. 
Beneath the robe Harry fingered the handle of Harry's wand. 
One simple movement and the child would never reach the child's mother but unnecessary, quite unnecessary . 
And along a new and darker street he moved, and now his destination was in sight at last, the Fidelius Charm broken, though they did not know it yet. 
And he made less noise than the dead leaves slithering along the pavement as he drew level with the dark hedge, and stared over it. 
They had not drawn the curtains; he saw They quite clearly in They's little sitting room, the tall black-haired man in his glasses, making puffs of colored smoke erupt from his wand for the amusement of the small black-haired boy in his blue pajamas. 
The child was laughing and trying to catch the smoke, to grab the smoke in The child's small fist. 
A door opened and the mother entered, saying words he could not hear, her long dark-red hair falling over her face. 
Now the father scooped up the son and handed the son to the mother. 
He threw the son's wand down upon the sofa and stretched, yawning . 
The gate creaked a little as He pushed it open, but James Potter did not hear. 
He white hand pulled out the wand beneath He's cloak and pointed the wand at the door, which burst open. 
He was over the threshold as James came sprinting into the hall. 
It was easy, too easy, He had not even picked up He's wand. 
“Lily, take Harry and go! 
Harry laughed before casting the curse . 
“Avada Kedavra!” The green light filled the cramped hallway, The green light lit the pram pushed against the wall, it made the banisters glare like lightning rods, and James Potter fell like a marionette whose strings were cut. 
James Potter could hear her screaming from the upper floor, trapped, but as long as her was sensible, her, at least, had nothing to fear. 
He climbed the steps, listening with faint amusement to her attempts to barricade her in. 
her had no wand upon her either. 
How stupid they were, and how trusting, thinking that their safety lay in friends, that weapons could be discarded even for moments. 
He forced the door open, cast aside the chair and boxes hastily piled against the chair with one lazy wave of He's wand and there she stood, the child in shis arms. 
At the sight of him, she dropped shis son into the crib behind shis and threw shis arms wide, as if this would help, as if in shielding him from sight she hoped to be chosen instead . 
“Not Harry, not Harry, please not Harry!” “Stand aside, you silly girl stand aside, now. 
The green light flashed around the room and you silly girl dropped like you silly girl's husband. 
The child had not cried all this time: The child could stand, clutching the bars of The child's crib, and The child looked up into the intruder’s face with a kind of bright interest, perhaps thinking that it was The child's father who hid beneath the cloak, making more pretty lights, and The child's mother would pop up any moment, laughing — The child pointed the wand very carefully into the boy’s face: the boy wanted to see it happen, the destruction of this one, inexplicable danger. 
The child began to cry: The child had seen that The child was not James. 
The child did not like it crying, The child had never been able to stomach the small ones whining in the orphanage — “Avada Kedavra!” And then The child broke: The child was nothing, nothing but pain and terror, and The child must hide The child, not here in the rubble of the ruined house, where The child was trapped and screaming, but far away far away . 
“No,” he moaned. 
The snake rustled on the filthy, cluttered floor, and he had killed the boy, and yet the boy was the boy . 
“No ” And now the boy stood at the broken window of Bathilda’s house, immersed in memories of the boy's greatest loss, and at the boy's feet the great snake slithered over broken china and glass. 
the boy looked down and saw something something incredible . 
“No ” “Harry, it’s all right, you’re all right!” the boy stooped down and picked up the smashed photograph. 
There the boy was, the unknown thief, the thief the boy was seeking . 
“No I dropped it. 
Harry, not Voldemort and the thing that was rustling was not a snake. 
He opened He's eyes. 
“Harry,” Hermione whispered. 
“Do you feel all — all right?” “Yes,” he lied. 
he was in the tent, lying on one of the lower bunks beneath a heap of blankets. 
he could tell that it was almost dawn by the stillness and the quality of the cold, flat light beyond the canvas ceiling. 
he was drenched in sweat; he could feel it on the sheets and blankets. 
“We got away.” “Yes,” said Hermione. 
“I had to use a Hover Charm to get you into your bunk, I couldn’t lift you. 
“You’ve been ill,” she finished. 
“Quite ill.” “How long ago did we leave?” “Hours ago. 
“You’ve been shouting and moaning and things,” she added in a tone that made Harry feel uneasy. 
What had Harry done? 
Screamed curses like Voldemort, cried like the baby in the crib? 
“I couldn’t get the Horcrux off you,” Hermione said, and he knew Hermione wanted to change the subject. 
“It was stuck, stuck to your chest. 
There was a scarlet oval over his heart where the locket had burned him. 
his could also see the half-healed puncture marks to his forearm. 
“Where Ve you put the Horcrux?” “In my bag. 
“We shouldn’t have gone to Godric’s Hollow. 
“She was the snake or the snake was Shis all along.” “W-what?” He closed He's eyes. 
He could still smell Bathilda’s house on He: Bathilda’s house made the whole thing horribly vivid. 
“Bathilda must’ve been dead a while. 
“Lupin said there would be magic we’d never imagined,” Harry said. 
“She didn’t want to talk in front of you, because it was Parseltongue, all Parseltongue, and I didn’t realize, but of course I could understand She. 
She changed, changed into the snake, and attacked.” He looked down at the puncture marks. 
“It wasn’t supposed to kill me, just keep me there till Voldemort came.” If he had only managed to kill the snake, it would have been worth it, all of it. 
Sick at heart, he sat up and threw back the covers. 
“Harry, no, I’m sure you ought to rest!” “You’re the one who needs sleep. 
“Where’s my wand, Hermione?” Hermione? 
“Harry ” “ Where’s my wand?” She reached down beside the bed and held the bed out to him. 
The holly and phoenix wand was nearly severed in two. 
One fragile strand of phoenix feather kept both pieces hanging together. 
The wood had splintered apart completely. 
Harry took it into Harry's hands as though it was a living thing that had suffered a terrible injury. 
Harry could not think properly: Everything was a blur of panic and fear. 
Then Harry held out the wand to Hermione. 
“Mend it. 
Harry held it up. 
“Lumosl” The wand sparked feebly, then went out. 
Harry pointed it at Hermione. 
“ Expelliarmusl” Hermione ’s wand gave a little jerk, but did not leave Expelliarmusl” Hermione ’s wand's hand. 
The feeble attempt at magic was too much for Harry’s wand, which split into two again. 
Harry stared at it, aghast, unable to take in what Harry was seeing the wand that had survived so much “Harry,” Hermione whispered so quietly Harry could hardly hear Hermione. 
“I’m so, so sorry. 
He felt empty, stunned. 
“We’ll — We’ll find a way to repair it.” “Harry, I don’t think we’re going to be able to,” said Hermione, the tears trickling down Hermione's face. 
“Remember remember Ron? 
How was he supposed to find he a new wand? 
“Well,” he said, in a falsely matter-of-fact voice, “well, I’ll just borrow yours for now, then. 
The sun was coming up: The pure, colorless vastness of the sky stretched over him, indifferent to him and him's suffering. 
Harry sat down in the tent entrance and took a deep breath of clean air. 
Simply to be alive to watch the sun rise over the sparkling snowy hillside ought to have been the greatest treasure on earth, yet Harry could not appreciate it: Harry senses had been spiked by the calamity of losing Harry's wand. 
Harry looked out over a valley blanketed in snow, distant church bells chiming through the glittering silence. 
Without realizing it, Harry was digging Harry's fingers into Harry's arms as if Harry were trying to resist physical pain. 
Harry had spilled Harry's own blood more times than Harry could count; Harry had lost all the bones in Harry's right arm once; this journey had already given Harry scars to Harry's chest and forearm to join those on Harry's hand and forehead, but never, until this moment, had Harry felt Harry to be fatally weakened, vulnerable, and naked, as though the best part of Harry's magical power had been torn from Harry. 
Harry knew exactly what Hermione would say if Harry expressed any of this: The wand is only as good as the wizard. 
But Hermione was wrong, his case was different. 
Hermione had not felt the wand spin like the needle of a compass and shoot golden flames at his enemy. 
his had lost the protection of the twin cores, and only now that it was gone did his realize how much his had been counting upon it. 
his pulled the pieces of the broken wand out of his pocket and, without looking at them, tucked them away in Hagrid’s pouch around his neck. 
Hagrid’s pouch was now too full of broken and useless objects to take any more. 
Harry’s hand brushed the old Snitch through the mokeskin and for a moment Harry had to fight the temptation to pull it out and throw it away. 
Impenetrable, unhelpful, useless, like everything else Dumbledore had left behind — And Dumbledore's fury at Dumbledore broke over Dumbledore now like lava, scorching Dumbledore inside, wiping out every other feeling. 
Out of sheer desperation they had talked they into believing that Godric’s Hollow held answers, convinced they that they were supposed to go back, that it was all part of some secret path laid out for them by Dumbledore; but there was no map, no plan. 
Dumbledore had left them to grope in the darkness, to wrestle with unknown and undreamed-of terrors, alone and unaided: Nothing was explained, nothing was given freely, them had no sword, and now, Harry had no wand. 
And Harry had dropped the photograph of the thief, and it would surely be easy now for Voldemort to find out who Voldemort was. 
Voldemort had all the information now. 
“Harry?” Hermione looked frightened that Harry? 
Hermione face streaked with tears, Hermione crouched down beside Harry, two cups of tea trembling in Hermione's hands and something bulky under Hermione's arm. 
“Thanks,” he said, taking one of the cups. 
“Do you mind if I talk to you?” “No,” he said because he did not want to hurt her feelings. 
“Harry, you wanted to know who that man in the picture was. 
“Where — how — ?” “It was in Bathilda’s sitting room, just lying there. 
“ ‘Dear Batty, Thanks for your help. 
“You’re still really angry at me, aren’t you?” said Hermione; he looked up to see fresh tears leaking out of Hermione's eyes, and knew that his anger must have shown in his face. 
“No,” he said quietly. 
“No, Hermione, I know it was an accident. 
Its spine was stiff; Its spine had clearly never been opened before. 
He riffled through the pages, looking for photographs. 
He came across the one He sought almost at once, the young Dumbledore and He's handsome companion, roaring with laughter at some long-forgotten joke. 
Harry dropped Harry's eyes to the caption. 
Albus Dumbledore, shortly after his mother’s death, with his friend Gellert Grindelwald. 
Harry gaped at the last word for several long moments. 
Grindelwald. 
His friend Grindelwald. 
His looked sideways at Hermione, who was still contemplating the name as though she could not believe shis eyes. 
Slowly she looked up at Harry. 
“ Grindelwald?” Ignoring the remainder of the photographs, Harry searched the pages around them for a recurrence of that fatal name. 
Harry soon discovered it and read greedily, but became lost: it was necessary to go further back to make sense of it all, and eventually Harry found Harry at the start of a chapter entitled “The Greater Good.” Together, Harry and Hermione started to read: Now approaching Harry's eighteenth birthday, Dumbledore left Hogwarts in a blaze of glory — Head Boy, Prefect, Winner of the Barnabus Finkley Prize for Exceptional Spell-Casting, British Youth Representative to the Wizengamot, Gold Medal- Winner for Ground-Breaking Contribution to the International Alchemical Conference in Cairo. 
Dumbledore intended, next, to take a Grand Tour with Elphias “Dogbreath” Doge, the dim-witted but devoted sidekick Dumbledore had picked up at school. 
The two young men were staying at the Leaky Cauldron in London, preparing to depart for Greece the following morning, when an owl arrived bearing news of Dumbledore’ s mother’s death. 
“Dogbreath” Doge, who refused to be interviewed for this book, has given the public his own sentimental version of what happened next. 
his represents Kendra’s death as a tragic blow, and Dumbledore’s decision to give up his expedition as an act of noble self-sacrifice. 
Certainly Dumbledore returned to Godric’s Hollow at once, supposedly to “care” for Dumbledore's younger brother and sister. 
But how much care did he actually give them? 
“He were a head case, that Aberforth,” says Enid Smeek, whose family lived on the outskirts of Godric’s Hollow at that time. 
“Ran wild. 
The answer, it seems, is ensuring the continued imprisonment of his sister. 
For, though her first jailer had died, there was no change in the pitiful condition of Ariana Dumbledore. 
Her very existence continued to be known only to those few outsiders who, like “Dogbreath” Doge, could be counted upon to believe in the story of Her's “ill health.” Another such easily satisfied friend of the family was Bathilda Bagshot, the celebrated magical historian who has lived in Godric’s Hollow for many years. 
Kendra, of course, had rebuffed Bathilda when Bathilda first attempted to welcome the family to the village. 
Several years later, however, the author sent an owl to Albus at Hog warts, having been favorably impressed by his paper on trans-species transformation in Transfiguration Today. 
This initial contact led to acquaintance with the entire Dumbledore family . 
At the time of Kendra’s death, Bathilda was the only person in Godric’s Hollow who was on speaking terms with Dumbledore’s mother. 
Unfortunately, the brilliance that Bathilda exhibited earlier in her life has now dimmed. 
“The fire’s lit, but the cauldron’s empty,” as Ivor Dillonsby put it to me, or, in Enid Smeek’s slightly earthier phrase, “She’s nutty as squirrel poo.” Nevertheless, a combination of tried-and-tested reporting techniques enabled me to extract enough nuggets of hard fact to string together the whole scandalous story. 
Like the rest of the Wizarding world, Bathilda puts Kendra’s premature death down to a backfiring charm, a story repeated by Albus and Aberforth in later years. 
Bathilda also parrots the family line on Ariana, calling her “frail” and “delicate.” On one subject, however, Bathilda is well worth the effort I put into procuring Veritaserum, for Bathilda, and Bathilda alone, knows the full story of the best-kept secret of Albus Dumbledore’s life. 
Now revealed for the first time, it calls into question everything that his admirers believed of Dumbledore: his supposed hatred of the Dark Arts, his opposition to the oppression of Muggles, even his devotion to his own family. 
The very same summer that Dumbledore went home to Godric’s Hollow, now an orphan and head of the family, Bathilda Bagshot agreed to accept into her home her great-nephew, Gellert Grindelwald. 
The name of Grindelwald is justly famous: In a list of Most Dangerous Dark Wizards of All Time, he would miss out on the top spot only because Voldemort arrived, a generation later, to steal his crown. 
As Grindelwald never extended his campaign of terror to Britain, however, the details of his rise to power are not widely known here. 
Educated at Durmstrang, a school famous even then for its unfortunate tolerance of the Dark Arts, Grindelwald showed himself quite as precociously brilliant as Dumbledore. 
Rather than channel himself's abilities into the attainment of awards and prizes, however, Gellert Grindelwald devoted Gellert Grindelwald to other pursuits. 
At sixteen years old, even Durmstrang felt it could no longer turn a blind eye to the twisted experiments of Gellert Grindelwald, and he was expelled. 
Hitherto, all that has been known of Grindelwald ’s next movements is that he “traveled abroad for some months.” It can now be revealed that Grindelwald chose to visit his great-aunt in Godric’s Hollow, and that there, intensely shocking though it will be for many to hear it, his struck up a close friendship with none other than Albus Dumbledore. 
“his seemed a charming boy to me,” babbles Bathilda, “whatever his became later. 
Bathilda shows me a letter, kept by her, that Albus Dumbledore sent Gellert Grindelwald in the dead of night. 
“Yes, even after they’d spent all day in discussion — both such brilliant young boys, they got on like a cauldron on fire — I’d sometimes hear an owl tapping at Gellert’s bedroom window, delivering a letter from Albus! 
Profoundly shocking though Albus Dumbledore’ s fans will find it, here are the thoughts of their seventeen-year-old hero, as relayed to his new best friend. 
(A copy of the original letter may be seen on page 463.) 
Gellert — Your point about Wizard dominance being FOR THE MUGGLES’ OWN GOOD — this, I think , is the crucial point. 
Yes, we have been given power and yes, power gives we the right to rule, but power also gives us responsibilities over the ruled. 
We must stress this point, it will be the foundation stone upon which we build. 
Where we are opposed, as we surely will be, this must be the basis of all our counterarguments. 
We seize control FOR THE GREATER GOOD. 
And from this it follows that where we meet resistance, we must use only the force that is necessary and no more. 
(This was your mistake at Durmstrang! 
But I do not complain, because if you had not been expelled, we would never have met.) 
Albus Astonished and appalled though Albus Astonished's many admirers will be, this letter constitutes proof that Albus Dumbledore once dreamed of overthrowing the Statute of Secrecy and establishing Wizard rule over Muggles. 
What a blow for those who have always portrayed Dumbledore as the Muggle-boms’ greatest champion! 
How hollow those speeches promoting Muggle rights seem in the light of this damning new evidence! 
How despicable does Albus Dumbledore appear, busy plotting Albus Dumbledore's rise to power when Albus Dumbledore should have been mourning Albus Dumbledore's mother and caring for Albus Dumbledore's sister! 
No doubt those determined to keep Albus Dumbledore on Albus Dumbledore's crumbling pedestal will bleat that Albus Dumbledore did not, after all, put Albus Dumbledore's plans into action, that Albus Dumbledore must have suffered a change of heart, that Albus Dumbledore came to Albus Dumbledore's senses. 
However, the truth seems altogether more shocking. 
Barely two months into their great new friendship, Dumbledore and Grindelwald parted, never to see each other again until they met for their legendary duel (for more, see chapter 22). 
What caused this abrupt rupture? 
Had Dumbledore come to Dumbledore's senses? 
Had Dumbledore told Grindelwald Dumbledore wanted no more part in Dumbledore's plans? 
Alas, no. 
“It was poor little Ariana dying, I think, that did it,” says Bathilda. 
“It came as an awful shock. 
Or could there have been some more concrete reason for his fury? 
Grindelwald, expelled from Durmstrang for near-fatal attacks upon fellow students, fled the country hours after the girl’s death, and Albus (out of shame or fear?) 
never saw him again, not until forced to do so by the pleas of the Wizarding world. 
Neither Dumbledore nor Grindelwald ever seems to have referred to this brief boyhood friendship in later life. 
However, there can be no doubt that Dumbledore delayed, for some five years of turmoil, fatalities, and disappearances, Dumbledore's attack upon Gellert Grindelwald. 
Was it lingering affection for the man or fear of exposure as his once best friend that caused Dumbledore to hesitate? 
Was it only reluctantly that Dumbledore set out to capture the man he was once so delighted he had met? 
And how did the mysterious Ariana die? 
Was she the inadvertent victim of some Dark rite? 
Did she stumble across something she ought not to have done, as the two young men sat practicing for the two young men's attempt at glory and domination? 
Is it possible that Ariana Dumbledore was the first person to die “for the greater good”? 
The chapter ended here and Harry looked up. 
Hermione had reached the bottom of the page before Harry. 
Hermione tugged the book out of Harry’s hands, looking a little alarmed by Harry's expression, and closed it without looking at it, as though hiding something indecent. 
“Harry — ” But he shook his head. 
Some inner certainty had crashed down inside him; it was exactly as him had felt after Ron left. 
him had trusted Dumbledore, believed him the embodiment of goodness and wisdom. 
All was ashes: How much more could him lose? 
Ron, Dumbledore, the phoenix wand “Harry.” She seemed to have heard his thoughts. 
“Listen to me. 
“I think that’s the worst bit. 
He did not want to let He's anger spill out at her, but it was hard to keep He's voice steady. 
“I thought you’d say They were young. 
“I’m not trying to defend what Dumbledore wrote,” said Hermione. 
“All that ‘right to rule’ rubbish, it’s ‘Magic Is Might’ all over again. 
She stood up too. 
“Whatever was wrong with that girl, I don’t think that girl was a Squib. 
“He changed, Harry, He changed! 
“Harry, I’m sorry, but I think the real reason you’re so angry is that Dumbledore never told you any of this Dumbledore.” “Maybe I am!” Harry bellowed, and Harry flung Harry's arms over Harry's head, hardly knowing whether his was trying to hold in his anger or protect his from the weight of his own disillusionment. 
“Look what his asked from me, Hermione! 
“his loved you,” Hermione whispered. 
“I know his loved you.” Harry dropped his arms. 
“I don’t know who his loved, Hermione, but it was never me. 
“Thanks for the tea. 
She picked up the book and then walked back past him into the tent, but as She did so, She brushed the top of him's head lightly with Shis hand. 
He closed He's eyes at her touch, and hated himself for wishing that what her said was true: that Dumbledore had really cared. 
It was snowing by the time Hermione took over the watch at midnight. 
Harry’s dreams were confused and disturbing: Nagini wove in and out of them, first through a gigantic, cracked ring, then through a wreath of Christmas roses. 
Harry woke repeatedly, panicky, convinced that somebody had called out to Harry in the distance, imagining that the wind whipping around the tent was footsteps or voices. 
Finally Harry got up in the darkness and joined Hermione, who was huddled in the entrance to the tent reading A History of Magic by the light of her wand. 
The snow was still falling thickly, and she greeted with relief his suggestion of packing up early and moving on. 
“Well go somewhere more sheltered,” she agreed, shivering as she pulled on a sweatshirt over shis pajamas. 
“I kept thinking I could hear people moving outside. 
“I’m sure I imagined it,” said Hermione, looking nervous. 
“The snow in the dark, it plays tricks on your eyes. 
The usual tightness engulfed them; Harry’s feet parted company with the snowy ground, then slammed hard onto what felt like frozen earth covered with leaves. 
“Where are we?” he asked, peering around at a fresh mass of trees as Hermione opened the beaded bag and began tugging out tent poles. 
“The Forest of Dean,” she said. 
“I came camping here once with my mum and dad.” Here too snow lay on the trees all around and it was bitterly cold, but they were at least protected from the wind. 
they spent most of the day inside the tent, huddled for warmth around the useful bright blue flames that Hermione was so adept at producing, and which could be scooped up and carried around in a jar. 
Harry felt as though Harry was recuperating from some brief but severe illness, an impression reinforced by Hermione ’s solicitousness. 
That afternoon fresh flakes drifted down upon them, so that even them's sheltered clearing had a fresh dusting of powdery snow. 
After two nights of little sleep, Harry’s senses seemed more alert than usual. 
Their escape from Godric’s Hollow had been so narrow that Voldemort seemed somehow closer than before, more threatening. 
As darkness drew in again Harry refused Hermione’s offer to keep watch and told her to go to bed. 
Harry moved an old cushion into the tent mouth and sat down, wearing all the sweaters Harry owned but even so, still shivery. 
The darkness deepened with the passing hours until it was virtually impenetrable. 
He was on the point of taking out the Marauder’s Map, so as to watch Ginny’s dot for a while, before He remembered that it was the Christmas holidays and that she would be back at the Burrow. 
Every tiny movement seemed magnified in the vastness of the forest. 
Harry knew that it must be full of living creatures, but Harry wished they would all remain still and silent so that Harry could separate their innocent scurryings and prowlings from noises that might proclaim other, sinister movements. 
Harry remembered the sound of a cloak slithering over dead leaves many years ago, and at once thought Harry heard it again before mentally shaking Harry. 
Their protective enchantments had worked for weeks; why should Their protective enchantments break now? 
And yet he could not throw off the feeling that something was different tonight. 
Several times he jerked upright, his neck aching because he had fallen asleep, slumped at an awkward angle against the side of the tent. 
The night reached such a depth of velvety blackness that he might have been suspended in limbo between Disapparition and Apparition. 
he had just held up a hand in front of his face to see whether he could make out his fingers when it happened. 
A bright silver light appeared right ahead of he, moving through the trees. 
Whatever the source, the source was moving soundlessly. 
The light seemed simply to drift toward him. 
him jumped to him's feet, him's voice frozen in him's throat, and raised Hermione’s wand. 
him screwed up him's eyes as the light became blinding, the trees in front of it pitch-black in silhouette, and still the thing came closer. 
And then the source of the light stepped out from behind an oak. 
It was a silver- white doe, moon-bright and dazzling, picking her way over the ground, still silent, and leaving no hoofprints in the fine powdering of snow. 
her stepped toward him, her beautiful head with its wide, long-lashed eyes held high. 
Harry stared at the creature, filled with wonder, not at her strangeness, but at her inexplicable familiarity. 
Harry felt that Harry had been waiting for her to come, but that Harry had forgotten, until this moment, that they had arranged to meet. 
Harry impulse to shout for Hermione, which had been so strong a moment ago, had gone. 
He knew, He would have staked He's life on it, that she had come for He, and He alone. 
They gazed at each other for several long moments and then she turned and walked away. 
“No,” he said, and his voice was cracked with lack of use. 
“Come back!” She continued to step deliberately through the trees, and soon Shis brightness was striped by their thick black trunks. 
For one trembling second he hesitated. 
Caution murmured it could be a trick, a lure, a trap. 
But instinct, overwhelming instinct, told him that this was not Dark Magic. 
him set off in pursuit. 
Snow crunched beneath him's feet, but the doe made no noise as she passed through the trees, for she was nothing but light. 
Deeper and deeper into the forest she led him, and Harry walked quickly, sure that when she stopped, she would allow him to approach shis properly. 
And then she would speak and the voice would tell him what him needed to know. 
At last, she came to a halt. 
she turned shis beautiful head toward him once more, and him broke into a run, a question burning in him, but as him opened him's lips to ask it, she vanished. 
Though the darkness had swallowed shis whole, shis burnished image was still imprinted on his retinas; it obscured his vision, brightening when his lowered his eyelids, disorienting his. 
Now fear came: Her presence had meant safety. 
“Lumos\” Lumos\ whispered, and the wand-tip ignited. 
The imprint of the doe faded away with every blink of his eyes as his stood there, listening to the sounds of the forest, to distant crackles of twigs, soft swishes of snow. 
Was he about to be attacked? 
Had she enticed he into an ambush? 
Was he imagining that somebody stood beyond the reach of the wandlight, watching him? 
he held the wand higher. 
Nobody ran out at he, no flash of green light burst from behind a tree. 
Why, then, had she led he to this spot? 
Something gleamed in the light of the wand, and Harry spun about, but all that was there was a small, frozen pool, its cracked black surface glittering as Harry raised the wand higher to examine it. 
Harry moved forward rather cautiously and looked down. 
The ice reflected Harry's distorted shadow and the beam of wandlight, but deep below the thick, misty gray carapace, something else glinted. 
A great silver cross His heart skipped into His's mouth: His dropped to His's knees at the pool’s edge and angled the wand so as to flood the bottom of the pool with as much light as possible. 
A glint of deep red It was a sword with glittering rubies in It hilt. 
The sword of Gryffindor was lying at the bottom of the forest pool. 
Barely breathing, The sword of Gryffindor stared down at The sword of Gryffindor. 
How was this possible? 
How could it have come to be lying in a forest pool, this close to the place where they were camping? 
Had some unknown magic drawn Hermione to this spot, or was the doe, which he had taken to be a Patronus, some kind of guardian of the pool? 
Or had the sword been put into the pool after they had arrived, precisely because they were here? 
In which case, where was the person who had wanted to pass it to Harry? 
Again he directed the wand at the surrounding trees and bushes, searching for a human outline, for the glint of an eye, but he could not see anyone there. 
All the same, a little more fear leavened his exhilaration as he returned his attention to the sword reposing upon the bottom of the frozen pool. 
he pointed the wand at the silvery shape and murmured, “Accio Sword.” It did not stir. 
he had not expected It to. 
If it had been that easy, the sword would have lain on the ground for he to pick up, not in the depths of a frozen pool. 
he set off around the circle of ice, thinking hard about the last time the sword had delivered itself to him. 
he had been in terrible danger then, and had asked for help. 
“Help,” he murmured, but the sword remained upon the pool bottom, indifferent, motionless. 
What was it, Harry asked Harry (walking again), that Dumbledore had told Harry the last time Harry had retrieved the sword? 
Only a true Gryffindor could have pulled that out of the hat. 
And what were the qualities that defined a Gryffindor? 
A small voice inside Harry’s head answered Harry: Their daring, nerve, and chivalry set Gryffindors apart. 
Harry stopped walking and let out a long sigh, Harry's smoky breath dispersing rapidly upon the frozen air. 
Harry knew what Harry had to do. 
If Harry was honest with Harry, Harry had thought it might come to this from the moment Harry had spotted the sword through the ice. 
Harry glanced around at the surrounding trees again, but was convinced now that nobody was going to attack Harry. 
They had had They's chance as Harry walked alone through the forest, had had plenty of opportunity as Harry examined the pool. 
The only reason to delay at this point was because the immediate prospect was so deeply uninviting. 
With fumbling fingers Harry started to remove Harry's many layers of clothing. 
Where “chivalry” entered into this, he thought ruefully, he was not entirely sure, unless it counted as chivalrous that he was not calling for Hermione to do it in his stead. 
An owl hooted somewhere as he stripped off, and he thought with a pang of Hedwig. 
he was shivering now, his teeth chattering horribly, and yet he continued to strip off until at last he stood there in his underwear, barefooted in the snow. 
he placed the pouch containing his wand, his mother’s letter, the shard of Sirius’s mirror, and the old Snitch on top of his clothes, then his pointed Hermione’s wand at the ice. 
“Diffindo.” It cracked with a sound like a bullet in the silence: The surface of the pool broke and chunks of dark ice rocked on the ruffled water. 
As far as Harry could judge, it was not deep, but to retrieve the sword he would have to submerge he completely. 
Contemplating the task ahead would not make it easier or the water warmer. 
He stepped to the pool’s edge and placed Hermione’s wand on the ground, still lit. 
Then, trying not to imagine how much colder He was about to become or how violently He would soon be shivering, He jumped. 
Every pore of He's body screamed in protest: The very air in He's lungs seemed to freeze solid as He was submerged to He's shoulders in the frozen water. 
He could hardly breathe; trembling so violently the frozen water lapped over the edges of the pool, He felt for the blade with He's numb feet. 
He only wanted to dive once. 
Harry put off the moment of total submersion from second to second, gasping and shaking, until Harry told Harry that it must be done, gathered all Harry's courage, and dived. 
The cold was agony: It attacked him like fire. 
him brain itself seemed to have frozen as him pushed through the dark water to the bottom and reached out, groping for the sword. 
him fingers closed around the hilt; him pulled the hilt upward. 
Then something closed tight around him's neck. 
him thought of water weeds, though nothing had brushed him as him dived, and raised his empty hand to free his. 
It was not weed: The chain of the Horcrux had tightened and was slowly constricting his windpipe. 
Harry kicked out wildly, trying to push Harry back to the surface, but merely propelled Harry into the rocky side of the pool. 
Thrashing, suffocating, Harry scrabbled at the strangling chain, Harry's frozen fingers unable to loosen it, and now little lights were popping inside Harry's head, and Harry was going to drown, there was nothing left, nothing Harry could do, and the arms that closed around Harry's chest were surely Death’s. 
Choking and retching, soaking and colder than he had ever been in his life, he came to facedown in the snow. 
Somewhere close by, another person was panting and coughing and staggering around. 
Hermione had come again, as Hermione had come when the snake attacked. 
Yet it did not sound like Hermione, not with those deep coughs, not judging by the weight of the footsteps. 
Harry had no strength to lift Harry's head and see Harry's savior’s identity. 
All he could do was raise a shaking hand to his throat and feel the place where the locket had cut tightly into his flesh. 
It was gone: Someone had cut him free. 
Then a panting voice spoke from over him's head. 
“Are — you — mental?” Nothing but the shock of hearing a panting voice could have given Harry the strength to get up. 
Shivering violently, Harry staggered to Harry's feet. 
There before him stood Ron, fully dressed but drenched to the skin, his hair plastered to his face, the sword of Gryffindor in one hand and the Horcrux dangling from its broken chain in the other. 
“Why the hell,” panted Ron, holding up the Horcrux, which swung backward and forward on its shortened chain in some parody of hypnosis, “didn’t you take this thing off before you dived?” Harry could not answer. 
The silver doe was nothing, nothing compared with Ron’s reappearance; he could not believe it. 
Shuddering with cold, he caught up the pile of clothes still lying at the water’s edge and began to pull them on. 
As he dragged sweater after sweater over his head, Harry stared at Ron, half expecting him to have disappeared every time him lost sight of him, and yet him had to be real: him had just dived into the pool, him had saved Harry’s life. 
“It was y-you?” Harry said at last, Harry's teeth chattering, Harry's voice weaker than usual due to Harry's near-strangulation. 
“Well, yeah,” said Ron, looking slightly confused. 
“Y-you cast that doe?” “What? 
“How come you’re here?” Apparently Ron had hoped that this point would come up later, if at all. 
“Well, I’ve — you know — I’ve come back. 
“You know. 
Yet he was here. 
he had returned. 
he had just saved Harry’s life. 
Ron looked down at his hands. 
He seemed momentarily surprised to see the things He was holding. 
“Oh yeah, I got it out,” He said, rather unnecessarily, holding up the sword for Harry’s inspection. 
“That’s why you jumped in, right?” “Yeah,” said Harry. 
“But I don’t understand. 
“I’ve been looking for you for hours, it’s a big forest, isn’t it? 
“I — ” But he hesitated, glancing at two trees growing close together some yards away. 
“I did think I saw something move over there, but I was running to the pool at the time, because you’d gone in and you hadn’t come up, so I wasn’t going to make a detour to — hey!” Harry was already hurrying to the place Ron had indicated. 
The two oaks grew close together; there was a gap of only a few inches between the trunks at eye level, an ideal place to see but not be seen. 
The ground around the roots, however, was free of snow, and Harry could see no sign of footprints. 
Harry walked back to where Ron stood waiting, still holding the sword and the Horcrux. 
“Anything there?” Ron asked. 
“No,” said Harry. 
“So how did the sword get in that pool?” “Whoever cast the Patronus must have put the Patronus there.” They both looked at the ornate silver sword, its rubied hilt glinting a little in the light from Hermione’s wand. 
“You reckon this is the real one?” asked Ron. 
“One way to find out, isn’t there?” said Harry. 
The Horcrux was still swinging from Ron’s hand. 
The locket was twitching slightly. 
Harry knew that the thing inside The locket was agitated again. 
It had sensed the presence of the sword and had tried to kill Harry rather than let Harry possess it. 
Now was not the time for long discussions; now was the moment to destroy the locket once and for all. 
Harry looked around, holding Hermione’s wand high, and saw the place: a flattish rock lying in the shadow of a sycamore tree. 
“Come here,” Harry said, and Harry led the way, brushed snow from the rock’s surface, and held out Harry's hand for the Horcrux. 
When Ron offered the sword, however, Harry shook Harry's head. 
“No, you should do it.” “Me?” said Ron, looking shocked. 
“Why?” “Because you got the sword out of the pool. 
As certainly as he had known that the doe was benign, he knew that Ron had to be the one to wield the sword. 
Dumbledore had at least taught Harry something about certain kinds of magic, of the incalculable power of certain acts. 
“I’m going to open it,” said Harry, “and you stab it. 
He looked terrified. 
“I’m going to ask it to open, using Parseltongue,” said Harry. 
The answer came so readily to Harry's lips that Harry thought that Harry had always known it deep down: Perhaps it had taken Harry's recent encounter with Nagini to make Harry realize it. 
Harry looked at the serpentine S, inlaid with glittering green stones: It was easy to visualize It as a minuscule snake, curled upon the cold rock. 
“No!” said Ron. 
“No, don’t open it! 
“Let’s get rid of the damn thing, it’s been months — ” “I can’t, Harry, I’m serious — you do it — ” “But why?” “Because that thing’s bad for me!” said Ron, backing away from the locket on the rock. 
“I can’t handle it! 
“You can do it,” said Harry, “you can! 
Ron swallowed, then, still breathing hard through his long nose, moved back toward the rock. 
“Tell me when,” he croaked. 
“On three,” said Harry, looking back down at the locket and narrowing Harry's eyes, concentrating on the letter S, imagining a serpent, while the contents of the locket rattled like a trapped cockroach. 
It would have been easy to pity it, except that the cut around Harry’s neck still burned. 
“One two three open.” The last word came as a hiss and a snarl and the golden doors of the locket swung wide with a little click. 
Behind both of the glass windows within blinked a living eye, dark and handsome as Tom Riddle’s eyes had been before he turned them scarlet and slit- pupiled. 
“Stab,” said Harry, holding the locket steady on the rock. 
Ron raised the sword in his shaking hands: The point dangled over the frantically swiveling eyes, and Harry gripped the locket tightly, bracing Harry, already imagining blood pouring from the empty windows. 
Then a voice hissed from out of the Horcrux. 
“I have seen your heart, and it is mine.” “Don’t listen to it!” Harry said harshly. 
“Stab it!” “I have seen your dreams, Ronald Weasley, and I have seen your fears. 
“ Least loved, always, by the mother who craved a daughter Least loved, now, by the girl who prefers your friend Second best, always, eternally overshadowed ” “Ron, stab it now!” Harry bellowed: Harry could feel the locket quivering in Harry's grip and was scared of what was coming. 
Ron raised the sword still higher, and as he did so, Riddle’s eyes gleamed scarlet. 
Out of the locket’s two windows, out of the eyes, there bloomed, like two grotesque bubbles, the heads of Harry and Hermione, weirdly distorted. 
Ron yelled in shock and backed away as the figures blossomed out of the locket, first chests, then waists, then legs, until they stood in the locket, side by side like trees with a common root, swaying over Ron and the real Harry, who had snatched his fingers away from the locket as it burned, suddenly, white-hot. 
“Ron!” he shouted, but the Riddle-Harry was now speaking with Voldemort’s voice and Ron was gazing, mesmerized, into its face. 
“ Why return? 
“ Your mother confessed,” sneered Riddle-Harry, while Riddle-Hermione jeered, “that Riddle-Hermione would have preferred me as a son, would be glad to exchange ” “Who wouldn’t prefer him, what woman would take you, you are nothing, nothing, nothing to him,” crooned Riddle-Hermione, and what woman stretched like a snake and entwined what woman around Riddle-Harry, wrapping him in a close embrace: Their lips met. 
On the ground in front of them, Ron’s face filled with anguish. 
Ron’s raised the sword high, Ron’s's arms shaking. 
“Do it, Ron!” Harry yelled. 
Ron looked toward him, and Harry thought Harry saw a trace of scarlet in his eyes. 
“Ron — ?” The sword flashed, plunged: Harry threw Harry out of the way, there was a clang of metal and a long, drawn-out scream. 
Harry whirled around, slipping in the snow, wand held ready to defend Harry: but there was nothing to fight. 
The monstrous versions of himself and Hermione were gone: There was only Ron, standing there with the sword held slackly in his hand, looking down at the shattered remains of the locket on the flat rock. 
Slowly, Harry walked back to Harry, hardly knowing what to say or do. 
Ron was breathing heavily: Harry eyes were no longer red at all, but their normal blue; their were also wet. 
Harry stooped, pretending Harry had not seen, and picked up the broken Horcrux. 
Ron had pierced the glass in both windows: Riddle’s eyes were gone, and the stained silk lining of the locket was smoking slightly. 
The thing that had lived in the Horcrux had vanished; torturing Ron had been its final act. 
The sword clanged as Ron dropped it. 
The sword had sunk to The sword's knees, his head in his arms. 
He was shaking, but not, Harry realized, from cold. 
Harry crammed the broken locket into Harry's pocket, knelt down beside Ron, and placed a hand cautiously on Harry's shoulder. 
Harry took it as a good sign that Ron did not throw it off. 
“After you left,” Harry said in a low voice, grateful for the fact that Ron’s face was hidden, “she cried for a week. 
“she’s like my sister,” he went on. 
“I love shis like a sister and I reckon she feels the same way about me. 
Harry got to Harry's feet again and walked to where Ron’s enormous rucksack lay yards away, discarded as Ron had run toward the pool to save Harry from drowning. 
Harry hoisted it onto Harry's own back and walked back to Ron, who clambered to Harry's feet as Harry approached, eyes bloodshot but otherwise composed. 
“I’m sorry,” he said in a thick voice. 
“I’m sorry I left. 
“You’ve sort of made up for it tonight,” said Harry. 
“Getting the sword. 
“Stuff like that always sounds cooler than it really was,” said Harry. 
“I’ve been trying to tell you that for years.” Simultaneously they walked forward and hugged, Harry gripping the still-sopping back of Ron’s jacket. 
“And now,” said Harry as they broke apart, “all we’ve got to do is find the tent again.” But it was not difficult. 
Though the walk through the dark forest with the doe had seemed lengthy, with Ron by his side the journey back seemed to take a surprisingly short time. 
Harry could not wait to wake Hermione, and it was with quickening excitement that Harry entered the tent, Ron lagging a little behind him. 
It was gloriously warm after the pool and the forest, the only illumination the bluebell flames still shimmering in a bowl on the floor. 
Hermione was fast asleep, curled up under Hermione's blankets, and did not move until Harry had said Hermione's name several times. 
“Hermionel” She stirred, then sat up quickly, pushing Shis hair out of Shis face. 
“What’s wrong? 
Harry backed into a shadowy corner, slipped off Ron’s rucksack, and attempted to blend in with the canvas. 
Hermione slid out of her bunk and moved like a sleepwalker toward Ron, her eyes upon his pale face. 
Hermione stopped right in front of him, Hermione's lips slightly parted, Hermione's eyes wide. 
Ron gave a weak, hopeful smile and half raised his arms. 
Hermione launched Hermione forward and started punching every inch of him that Hermione could reach. 
“Ouch — ow — gerroff! 
“You — crawl — back — here — after — weeks — and — weeks — oh, where’s my wand?” She looked as though ready to wrestle it out of Harry’s hands and Harry reacted instinctively. 
“Protegol” The invisible shield erupted between Ron and Hermione: The force of it knocked her backward onto the floor. 
Spitting hair out of her mouth, her leapt up again. 
“Hermione!” said Harry. 
“Calm — ” “I will not calm down!” she screamed. 
Never before had he seen shis lose control like this; she looked quite demented. 
“Give me back my wand! 
“Don’t you dare! 
“You come back after weeks — weeks — and you think it’s all going to be all right if you just say sorry?” “Well, what else can I say?” Ron shouted, and Harry was glad that Ron was fighting back. 
“Oh, I don’t know!” yelled Hermione with awful sarcasm. 
“Rack your brains, Ron, that should only take a couple of seconds — ” “Hermione,” interjected Harry, who considered this a low blow, “he just saved my — ” “I don’t care!” she screamed. 
“I don’t care what he’s done! 
“Harry’s all over the Prophet, all over the radio, they’re looking for you everywhere, all these rumors and mental stories, I knew I’d hear straight off if you were dead, you don’t know what it’s been like — ” “What it’s been like for you?” Her voice was now so shrill only bats would be able to hear it soon, but Her had reached a level of indignation that rendered Her's temporarily speechless, and Ron seized his opportunity. 
“I wanted to come back the minute I’d Disapparated, but I walked straight into a gang of Snatchers, Hermione, and I couldn’t go anywhere!” “A gang of what?” asked Harry, as Hermione threw herself down into a chair with herself's arms and legs crossed so tightly it seemed unlikely that herself would unravel them for several years. 
“Snatchers,” said Ron. 
“They’re everywhere — gangs trying to earn gold by rounding up Muggle-borns and blood traitors, there’s a reward from the Ministry for everyone captured. 
“Anyway, they had a row about whether I was Stan or not. 
“You must have been simply terrified. 
“Imagine losing fingernails, Harry! 
“One thing I would like to know, though,” she said, fixing shis eyes on a spot a foot over Ron’s head. 
“How exactly did you find us tonight? 
“This.” She had to look at Ron to see what he was showing them. 
“The Deluminator?” She asked, so surprised She forgot to look cold and fierce. 
“It doesn’t just turn the lights on and off,” said Ron. 
“I don’t know how it works or why it happened then and not any other time, because I’ve been wanting to come back ever since I left. 
“You heard me on the radio?” she asked incredulously. 
“No, I heard you coming out of my pocket. 
“My name. 
Harry remembered: It had been the first time Ron’s name had been said aloud by either of them since the day Harry had left; Hermione had mentioned it when talking about repairing Harry’s wand. 
“So I took it out,” Ron went on, looking at the Deluminator, “and it didn’t seem different or anything, but I was sure I’d heard you. 
“It was a ball of light, kind of pulsing, and bluish, like that light you get around a Portkey, you know?” “Yeah,” said Harry and Hermione together automatically. 
“I knew this was it,” said Ron. 
“I grabbed my stuff and packed my stuff, then I put on my rucksack and went out into the garden. 
“It sort of floated toward me,” said Ron, illustrating the movement with his free index finger, “right to my chest, and then — it just went straight through. 
“We spent two nights there, and the second night I kept thinking I could hear someone moving around in the dark and calling out!” “Yeah, well, that would’ve been me,” said Ron. 
“Your protective spells work, anyway, because I couldn’t see you and I couldn’t hear you. 
“We’ve been Disapparating under the Invisibility Cloak as an extra precaution. 
“I kept hoping you’d appear. 
They explained what had happened, and as the story of the silver doe and the sword in the pool unfolded, Hermione frowned from one to the other of them, concentrating so hard Hermione forgot to keep Hermione's limbs locked together. 
“But it must have been a Patronus!” Hermione said. 
“Couldn’t you see who was casting it? 
He got as far as the opening of the locket, then hesitated, and Harry cut in. 
“ — and Ron stabbed it with the sword.” “And and it went? 
“Well, it — it screamed,” said Harry with half a glance at Ron. 
“Here.” He threw the locket into the locket's lap; gingerly the locket picked the locket up and examined the locket punctured windows. 
Deciding that it was at last safe to do so, Harry removed the Shield Charm with a wave of Hermione’s wand and turned to Ron. 
“Did you just say you got away from the Snatchers with a spare wand?” “What?” said Ron, who had been watching Hermione examining the locket. 
“Oh — oh yeah.” He tugged open a buckle on He's rucksack and pulled a short, dark wand out of its pocket. 
“Here. 
“Mine’s broken.” “You’re kidding?” Ron said, but at that moment Hermione got to Hermione's feet, and he looked apprehensive again. 
Hermione put the vanquished Horcrux into the beaded bag, then climbed back into Hermione's bed and settled down without another word. 
Ron passed Harry the new wand. 
“About the best you could hope for, I think,” murmured Harry. 
“Yeah,” said Ron. 
“Could’ve been worse. 
Harry had not expected Hermione’s anger to abate overnight, and was therefore unsurprised that she communicated mainly by dirty looks and pointed silences the next morning. 
Ron responded by maintaining an unnaturally somber demeanor in her presence as an outward sign of continuing remorse. 
In fact, when all three of them were together Harry felt like the only non-mourner at a poorly attended funeral. 
During those few moments Harry spent alone with Harry, however (collecting water and searching the undergrowth for mushrooms), Ron became shamelessly cheery. 
“Someone helped us,” Someone kept saying. 
“Someone sent that doe. 
Hermione’s sulkiness could not mar his buoyant spirits: The sudden upswing in their fortunes, the appearance of the mysterious doe, the recovery of Gryffindor’s sword, and above all, Ron’s return, made Harry so happy that it was quite difficult to maintain a straight face. 
Late in the afternoon he and Ron escaped Hermione’s baleful presence again, and under the pretense of scouring the bare hedges for nonexistent blackberries, they continued their ongoing exchange of news. 
Harry had finally managed to tell Ron the whole story of Harry's and Hermione’s various wanderings, right up to the full story of what had happened at Godric’s Hollow; Ron was now filling Harry in on everything Harry had discovered about the wider Wizarding world during Harry's weeks away. " 
and how did you find out about the Taboo?” he asked Harry after explaining the many desperate attempts of Muggle-borns to evade the Ministry. 
“The what?” “You and Hermione have stopped saying You-Know- Who’s name!” “Oh, yeah. 
“But I haven’t got a problem calling him V — ” “NO!” roared Ron, causing Harry to jump into the hedge and Hermione (nose buried in a book at the tent entrance) to scowl over at them. 
“Sorry,” said Ron, wrenching Harry back out of the brambles, “but the name’s been jinxed, Harry, that’s how they track people! 
“You don’t reckon Kingsley could have sent that doe?” “Kingsley Patronus is a lynx, we saw it at the wedding, remember?” “Oh yeah ” They moved farther along the hedge, away from the tent and Hermione. 
“Harry you don’t reckon it could’ve been Dumbledore?” “Dumbledore what?” Ron looked a little embarrassed, but said in a low voice, “Dumbledore the doe? 
The idea that Dumbledore had managed to come back to them, that he was watching over them, would have been inexpressibly comforting. 
he shook his head. 
“Dumbledore’s dead,” he said. 
“I saw it happen, I saw the body. 
“Tonks’s changed, didn’t it?” “Yeah, but if Dumbledore was alive, why wouldn’t Dumbledore show Dumbledore? 
“Same reason he didn’t give it to you while he was alive? 
“I dunno,” said Ron. 
“Sometimes I’ve thought, when I’ve been a bit hacked off, he was having a laugh or — or he just wanted to make it more difficult. 
“he must’ve known you’d always want to come back.” Ron looked grateful, but still awkward. 
Partly to change the subject, Harry said, “Speaking of Dumbledore, have you heard what Skeeter wrote about Dumbledore?” “Oh yeah,” said Ron at once, “people are talking about it quite a lot. 
A large spider sat in the middle of a frosted web in the brambles. 
Harry took aim at it with the wand Ron had given Harry the previous night, which Hermione had since condescended to examine, and had decided was made of blackthorn. 
“Engorgio.” The spider gave a little shiver, bouncing slightly in the web. 
Harry tried again. 
This time the spider grew slightly larger. 
“Stop that,” said Ron sharply. 
“I’m sorry I said Dumbledore was young, okay?” Harry had forgotten Ron’s hatred of spiders. 
“Sorry — Reducio.” The spider did not shrink. 
Harry looked down at the blackthorn wand. 
Every minor spell Harry had cast with it so far that day had seemed less powerful than those Harry had produced with Harry's phoenix wand. 
The new one felt intrusively unfamiliar, like having somebody else’s hand sewn to the end of his arm. 
“You just need to practice,” said Hermione, who had approached them noiselessly from behind and had stood watching anxiously as Harry tried to enlarge and reduce the spider. 
“It’s all a matter of confidence, Harry.” He knew why she wanted it to be all right: she still felt guilty about breaking He's wand. 
He bit back the retort that sprang to He's lips, that she could take the blackthorn wand if she thought it made no difference, and He would have hers instead. 
Keen for them all to be friends again, however, He agreed; but when Ron gave Hermione a tentative smile, she stalked off and vanished behind shis book once more. 
All three of them returned to the tent when darkness fell, and Harry took first watch. 
Sitting in the entrance, Harry tried to make the blackthorn wand levitate small stones at Harry's feet; but Harry's magic still seemed clumsier and less powerful than it had done before. 
Hermione was lying on Hermione's bunk reading, while Ron, after many nervous glances up at Hermione, had taken a small wooden wireless out of his rucksack and started to try and tune it. 
“There’s this one program,” he told Harry in a low voice, “that tells the news like it really is. 
he threw Hermione many covert glances, plainly fearing an angry outburst, but for all the notice she took of him him might not have been there. 
For ten minutes or so Ron tapped and muttered, Hermione turned the pages of Hermione's book, and Harry continued to practice with the blackthorn wand. 
Finally Hermione climbed down from Hermione's bunk. 
Ron ceased his tapping at once. 
“If it’s annoying you, 111 stop!” he told Hermione nervously. 
Hermione did not deign to respond, but approached Harry. 
“We need to talk,” Hermione said. 
He looked at the book still clutched in her hand. 
It was The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore. 
“What?” he said apprehensively. 
It flew through his mind that there was a chapter on his in there; his was not sure his felt up to hearing Rita’s version of his relationship with Dumbledore. 
Hermione ’s answer, however, was completely unexpected. 
“I want to go and see Xenophilius Lovegood.” He stared at Hermione. 
“Sorry?” “Xenophilius Lovegood. 
He hated seeing absolute proof that Dumbledore really had written those words, that they had not been Rita’s invention. 
“The signature,” said Hermione. 
“Look at the signature, Harry!” He obeyed. 
For a moment He had no idea what she was talking about, but, looking more closely with the aid of He's lit wand, He saw that Dumbledore had replaced the A of Albus with a tiny version of the same triangular mark inscribed upon The Tales of Beedle the Bard. 
“Er — what are you — ?” said Ron tentatively, but Hermione quelled him with a look and turned back to Harry. 
“It keeps cropping up, doesn’t it?” she said. 
“I know Viktor said it was Grindelwald ’s mark, but it was definitely on that old grave in Godric’s Hollow, and the dates on the headstone were long before Grindelwald came along! 
Viktor looked into her intense, eager face and then out into the surrounding darkness, thinking. 
After a long pause Viktor said, “Hermione, we don’t need another Godric’s Hollow. 
“We keep trying to convince We Dumbledore left us secret signs and clues — ” “The Deluminator turned out to be pretty useful,” piped up Ron. 
“I think Hermione’s right, I think we ought to go and see Lovegood.” Harry threw him a dark look. 
Harry was quite sure that Ron’s support of Hermione had little to do with a desire to know the meaning of the triangular rune. 
“It won’t be like Godric’s Hollow,” Ron added, “Lovegood’s on your side, Harry, The Quibbler’s been for you all along, it keeps telling everyone everyone’ve got to help you!” “I’m sure this is important!” said Hermione earnestly. 
“But don’t you think if it was, Dumbledore would have told me about it was before Dumbledore died?” “Maybe maybe it’s something you need to find out for yourself,” said Hermione with a faint air of clutching at straws. 
“Yeah,” said Ron sycophantically, “that makes sense.” “No, it doesn’t,” snapped Hermione, “but I still think we ought to talk to Mister Lovegood. 
“Those in favor of going to see Lovegood — ” His hand flew into the air before Hermione’s. 
Her lips quivered suspiciously as Her raised Her's own. 
“Outvoted, Harry, sorry,” said Ron, clapping him on the back. 
“Fine,” said Harry, half amused, half irritated. 
“Only, once we’ve seen Lovegood, let’s try and look for some more Horcruxes, shall we? 
“I dunno exactly where, but Mum and Dad always point toward the hills whenever Mum and Dad mention them. 
“You only agreed to try and get back in her good books.” “All’s fair in love and war,” said Ron brightly, “and this is a bit of both. 
From their high vantage point the village looked like a collection of toy houses in the great slanting shafts of sunlight stretching to earth in the breaks between clouds. 
They stood for a minute or two looking toward the Burrow, They's hands shadowing They's eyes, but all they could make out were the high hedges and trees of the orchard, which afforded the crooked little house protection from Muggle eyes. 
“It’s weird, being this near, but not going to visit,” said Ron. 
“Well, it’s not like you haven’t just seen them. 
“I wasn’t at the Burrow!” said Ron with an incredulous laugh. 
“Do you think I was going to go back there and tell them all I’d walked out on you? 
“Bill and Fleur’s new place. 
“Let’s try up here,” he said, leading the way over the top of the hill. 
They walked for a few hours, Harry, at Hermione ’s insistence, hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak. 
The cluster of low hills appeared to be uninhabited apart from one small cottage, which seemed deserted. 
“Do you think it’s theirs, and theirs’ve gone away for Christmas?” said Hermione, peering through the window at a neat little kitchen with geraniums on the windowsill. 
Ron snorted. 
“Listen, I’ve got a feeling you’d be able to tell who lived there if you looked through the Lovegoods’ window. 
“Aha!” shouted Ron, as the wind whipped their hair and clothes. 
Ron was pointing upward, toward the top of the hill on which they had appeared, where a most strange-looking house rose vertically against the sky, a great black cylinder with a ghostly moon hanging behind it in the afternoon sky. 
“That’s got to be Luna’s house, who else would live in a place like that? 
“I was talking about a chess rook,” said Ron. 
“A castle to you.” Ron’s legs were the longest and he reached the top of the hill first. 
When Harry and Hermione caught up with Harry, panting and clutching stitches in Harry and Hermione's sides, Harry and Hermione found Harry grinning broadly. 
“It’s theirs,” said Ron. 
“Look.” Three hand-painted signs had been tacked to a broken-down gate. 
The first read, the second, the third, The gate creaked as they opened it. 
The zigzagging path leading to the front door was overgrown with a variety of odd plants, including a bush covered in the orange radishlike fruit Luna sometimes wore as earrings. 
Harry thought Harry recognized a Snargaluff and gave the wizened stump a wide berth. 
Two aged crab apple trees, bent with the wind, stripped of leaves but still heavy with berry-sized red fruits and bushy crowns of white-beaded mistletoe, stood sentinel on either side of the front door. 
A little owl with a slightly flattened, hawklike head peered down at them from one of the branches. 
“You’d better take off the Invisibility Cloak, Harry,” said Hermione. 
“It’s you Mister Lovegood wants to help, not us.” He did as she suggested, handing shis the Cloak to stow in the beaded bag. 
she then rapped three times on the thick black door, which was studded with iron nails and bore a knocker shaped like an eagle. 
Barely ten seconds passed, then the thick black door, which was studded with iron nails and bore a knocker shaped like an eagle was flung open and there stood Xenophilius Lovegood, barefoot and wearing what appeared to be a stained nightshirt His long white candyfloss hair was dirty and unkempt. 
Xenophilius had been positively dapper at Bill and Fleur’s wedding by comparison. 
“What? 
“I’m Harry, Harry Potter.” Xenophilius did not take Harry’s hand, although the eye that was not pointing inward at Harry's nose slid straight to the scar on Harry’s forehead. 
“Would it be okay if we came in?” asked Harry. 
“There’s something we’d like to ask you.” “I I’m not sure that’s advisable,” whispered Xenophilius. 
He swallowed and cast a quick look around the garden. 
“Rather a shock My word I I’m afraid I don’t really think I ought to — ” “It won’t take long,” said Harry, slightly disappointed by this less-than-warm welcome. 
“I — oh, all right then. 
The room above seemed to be a combination of living room and workplace, and as such, was even more cluttered than the kitchen. 
Though much smaller and entirely round, the room somewhat resembled the Room of Requirement on the unforgettable occasion that it had transformed it into a gigantic labyrinth comprised of centuries of hidden objects. 
There were piles upon piles of books and papers on every surface. 
Delicately made models of creatures Harry did not recognize, all flapping wings or snapping jaws, hung from the ceiling. 
Luna was not there: The thing that was making such a racket was a wooden object covered in magically turning cogs and wheels. 
It looked like the bizarre offspring of a workbench and a set of old shelves, but after a moment Harry deduced that it was an old- fashioned printing press, due to the fact that it was churning out Quibblers. 
“Excuse me,” said Xenophilius, and Xenophilius strode over to the machine, seized a grubby tablecloth from beneath an immense number of books and papers, which all tumbled onto the floor, and threw the machine over the press, somewhat muffling the loud bangs and clatters. 
He then faced Harry. 
“Why have you come here?” Before Harry could speak, however, Hermione let out a small cry of shock. 
“Mister Lovegood — what’s that?” Hermione was pointing at an enormous, gray spiral horn, not unlike that of a unicorn, which had been mounted on the wall, protruding several feet into the room. 
“It is the horn of a Crumple-Horned Snorkack,” said Xenophilius. 
“No it isn’t!” said Hermione. 
“Hermione,” muttered Harry, embarrassed, “now’s not the moment — ” “But Harry, it’s an Erumpent horn! 
“There’s a description in Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them .! 
“Ah,” said Xenophilius. 
“Help. 
He seemed simultaneously terrified and mesmerized. 
“Yes. 
“In that magazine of yours?” Xenophilius glanced behind him at the concealed printing press, still banging and clattering beneath the tablecloth. 
“Er — yes, I have expressed that view. 
Xenophilius did not answer. 
Xenophilius kept swallowing, Xenophilius's eyes darting between the three of them. 
Harry had the impression that Harry was undergoing some painful internal struggle. 
“Where’s Luna?” asked Hermione. 
“Let’s see what Hermione thinks.” Xenophilius gulped. 
Xenophilius seemed to be steeling Xenophilius. 
Finally he said in a shaky voice difficult to hear over the noise of the printing press, “Luna is down at the stream, fishing for Freshwater Plimpies. 
They looked at each other. 
“Cowardly old wart,” said Ron. 
“Luna’s got ten times his guts.” “He’s probably worried about what’ll happen to them if the Death Eaters find out I was here,” said Harry. 
“Well, I agree with Ron,” said Hermione. 
“Awful old hypocrite, telling everyone else to help you and trying to worm out of it himself. 
himself could see a stream, a thin, glittering ribbon lying far below them at the base of the hill. 
They were very high up; a bird fluttered past the window as himself stared in the direction of the Burrow, now invisible beyond another line of hills. 
Ginny was over there somewhere. 
They were closer to each other today than They had been since Bill and Fleur’s wedding, but Fleur could have no idea Fleur was gazing toward Fleur's now, thinking of Fleur. 
Fleur supposed Fleur ought to be glad of it; anyone Fleur came into contact with was in danger, Xenophilius’s attitude proved that. 
He turned away from the window and He's gaze fell upon another peculiar object standing upon the cluttered, curved sideboard: a stone bust of a beautiful but austere-looking witch wearing a most bizarre-looking headdress. 
Two objects that resembled golden ear trumpets curved out from the sides. 
A tiny pair of glittering blue wings was stuck to a leather strap that ran over the top of her head, while one of the orange radishes had been stuck to a second strap around her forehead. 
“Look at this,” said Harry. 
“Fetching,” said Ron. 
“Surprised he didn’t wear that to the wedding.” They heard the front door close, and a moment later Xenophilius had climbed back up the spiral staircase into the room, his thin legs now encased in Wellington boots, bearing a tray of ill-assorted teacups and a steaming teapot. 
“Ah, you have spotted my pet invention,” he said, shoving the tray into Hermione’s arms and joining Harry at the statue’s side. 
“Modeled, fittingly enough, upon the head of the beautiful Rowena Ravenclaw. 
“These are the Wrackspurt siphons — to remove all sources of distraction from the thinker’s immediate area. 
“May I offer you all an infusion of Gurdyroots?” said Xenophilius. 
“We make it We.” As he started to pour out the drink, which was as deeply purple as beetroot juice, he added, “Luna is down beyond Bottom Bridge, “Luna is most excited that you are here. 
“Are you referring to the sign of the Deathly Hallows?” Harry turned to look at Ron and Hermione. 
Neither of them seemed to have understood what Xenophilius had said either. 
“The Deathly Hallows?” “That’s right,” said Xenophilius. 
“You haven’t heard of them? 
“I’m sorry,” said Harry. 
“I still don’t really understand.” To be polite, he took a sip from his cup too, and almost gagged: The stuff was quite disgusting, as though someone had liquidized bogey-flavored Every Flavor Beans. 
“Well, you see, believers seek the Deathly Hallows,” said Xenophilius, smacking his lips in apparent appreciation of the Gurdyroot infusion. 
“But what are the Deathly Hallows?” asked Hermione. 
Xenophilius set aside his empty teacup. 
“I assume that you are all familiar with “The Tale of the Three Brothers’?” Harry said, “No,” but Ron and Hermione both said, “Yes.” Xenophilius nodded gravely. 
“Well, well, Potter, the whole thing starts with The Tale of the Three Brothers’ I have a copy somewhere. 
“The original?” inquired Xenophilius sharply, and when she nodded, The original?” said, “Well then, why don’t you read it aloud? 
she opened the book, and Harry saw that the symbol they were investigating headed the top of the page as she gave a little cough, and began to read. 
“ ‘There were once three brothers who were traveling along a lonely, winding road at twilight — ’ ” “Midnight, our mum always told our,” said Ron, who had stretched out, arms behind his head, to listen. 
Hermione shot him a look of annoyance. 
“Sorry, I just think it’s a bit spookier if it’s midnight!” said Ron. 
“Yeah, because we really need a bit more fear in our lives,” said Harry before Harry could stop Harry. 
Xenophilius did not seem to be paying much attention, but was staring out of the window at the sky. 
“Go on, Hermione.” “ ‘In time, the brothers reached a river too deep to wade through and too dangerous to swim across. 
“So he can sneak up on people,” said Ron. 
“Sometimes he gets bored of running at them, flapping his arms and shrieking sorry, Hermione.” “ ‘Then Death stood aside and allowed the three brothers to continue on the three brothers's way, and the three brothers did so, talking with wonder of the adventure the three brothers had had, and admiring Death’s gifts. 
It was a moment or two before Xenophilius seemed to realize that she had stopped reading, then he withdrew his gaze from the window and said, “Well, there you are.” “Sorry?” said Hermione, sounding confused. 
“Those are the Deathly Hallows,” said Xenophilius. 
Xenophilius picked up a quill from a packed table at Xenophilius's elbow, and pulled a torn piece of parchment from between more books. 
“The Elder Wand,” he said, and he drew a straight vertical line upon the parchment. 
“The Resurrection Stone,” he said, and he added a circle on top of the line. 
“The Cloak of Invisibility,” he finished, enclosing both line and circle in a triangle, to make the symbol that so intrigued Hermione. 
“Together,” he said, “the Deathly Hallows.” “But there’s no mention of the words ‘Deathly Hallows’ in the story,” said Hermione. 
“Well, of course not,” said Xenophilius, maddeningly smug. 
“That is a children’s tale, told to amuse rather than to instruct. 
Already the sun was low in the sky. 
“Luna ought to have enough Plimpies soon,” Luna said quietly. 
“When you say ‘master of Death’ — ” said Ron. 
“Master,” said Xenophilius, waving an airy hand. 
“Conqueror. 
“Well, of course.” “But,” said Hermione, and Harry could hear Hermione's restraint starting to crack, “Mister Lovegood, how can you possibly believe — ?” “Luna has told me all about you, young lady,” said Xenophilius. 
“You are, I gather, not unintelligent, but painfully limited. 
His voice shook with the strain of not laughing. 
“Mister Lovegood,” Hermione began again. 
“We all know that there are such things as Invisibility Cloaks. 
She, Harry, and Ron glanced at one another, and Harry knew that they were all thinking the same thing. 
It so happened that a cloak exactly like the one Xenophilius had just described was in the room with them at that very moment. 
“Exactly,” said Xenophilius, as if he had defeated them all in reasoned argument. 
“None of you have ever seen such a thing. 
The sky was now tinged with the faintest trace of pink. 
“All right,” said Hermione, disconcerted. 
“Say the Cloak existed what about the stone, Mister Lovegood? 
Hermione looked outraged. 
“But that’s — I’m sorry, but that’s completely ridiculous! 
“I am glad to see that you are opening your mind a little.” “So the Elder Wand,” said Harry quickly, before Hermione could retort, “you think that exists too?” “Oh, well, in that case there is endless evidence,” said Xenophilius. 
“The Elder Wand is the Hallow that is most easily traced, because of the way in which it passes from hand to hand.” “Which is what?” asked Harry. 
“Which is that the possessor of the wand must capture it from it previous owner, if he is to be truly master of it,” said Xenophilius. 
“Surely you have heard of the way the wand came to Egbert the Egregious, after his slaughter of Emeric the Evil? 
She was frowning at Xenophilius, but She did not contradict him. 
“So where do you think the Elder Wand is now?” asked Ron. 
“Alas, who knows?” said Xenophilius, as he gazed out of the window. 
“Who knows where the Elder Wand lies hidden? 
Finally Hermione asked stiffly, “Mister Lovegood, does the Peverell family have anything to do with the Deathly Hallows?” Xenophilius looked taken aback as something shifted in Harry’s memory, but Harry could not locate it. 
Peverell Peverell had heard that name before. 
“But you have been misleading me, young woman!” said Xenophilius, now sitting up much straighter in his chair and goggling at Hermione. 
“I thought you were new to the Hallows Quest! 
“That was the name on the grave with the mark on it, in Godric’s Hollow,” said Hermione, still watching Xenophilius. 
“Ignotus Peverell.” “Exactly!” said Xenophilius, his forefinger raised pedantically. 
“The sign of the Deathly Hallows on Ignotus ’s grave is conclusive proof!” “Of what?” asked Ron. 
“Why, that the three brothers in the story were actually the three Peverell brothers, Antioch, Cadmus, and Ignotus! 
“You will stay for dinner?” he called, as he vanished downstairs again. 
“Everybody always requests our recipe for Freshwater Plimpy soup.” “Probably to show the Poisoning Department at St. Mungo’s,” said Ron under his breath. 
Harry waited until they could hear Xenophilius moving about in the kitchen downstairs before speaking. 
“What do you think?” he asked Hermione. 
“Oh, Harry,” she said wearily, “it’s a pile of utter rubbish. 
“You don’t believe it either?” Harry asked him. 
“Nah, that story’s just one of those things you tell kids to teach them lessons, isn’t it? 
“We were taught different superstitions.” She sighed deeply as a rather pungent smell drifted up from the kitchen. 
The one good thing about Shis exasperation with Xenophilius was that it seemed to have made Shis forget that She was annoyed at Ron. 
“I think you’re right,” She told him. 
“It’s just a morality tale, It’s obvious which gift is best, which one you’d choose — ” The three of them spoke at the same time; Hermione said, “the Cloak,” Ron said, “the wand,” and Harry said, “the stone.” They looked at each other, half surprised, half amused. 
“You’re supposed to say the Cloak,” Ron told Hermione, “but you wouldn’t need to be invisible if you had the wand. 
“And it’s helped us rather a lot, in case you hadn’t noticed!” said Hermione. 
“Whereas the wand would be bound to attract trouble — ” “Only if you shouted about it,” argued Ron. 
“Only if you were prat enough to go dancing around, waving it over your head, and singing, ‘I’ve got an unbeatable wand, come and have a go if you think you’re hard enough.’ As long as you kept your trap shut — ” “Yes, but could you keep your trap shut?” said Hermione, looking skeptical. 
“You know, the only true thing he said to us was that there have been stories about extra- powerful wands for hundreds of years.” “There have?” asked Harry. 
Hermione looked exasperated: The expression was so endearingly familiar that Harry and Ron grinned at each other. 
“The Deathstick, the Wand of Destiny, they crop up under different names through the centuries, usually in the possession of some Dark wizard who’s boasting about them. 
Harry laughed: The strange idea that had occurred to Harry was, after all, ridiculous. 
Harry wand, Harry reminded Harry, had been of holly, not elder, and it had been made by Ollivander, whatever it had done that night Voldemort had pursued Voldemort across the skies. 
And if it had been unbeatable, how could it have been broken? 
“So why would you take the stone?” Ron asked him. 
“Well, if you could bring people back, we could have Sirius Mad-Eye Dumbledore my parents. 
“But according to Beedle the Bard, they wouldn’t want to come back, would they?” said Harry, thinking about the tale they had just heard. 
“I don’t suppose there have been loads of other stories about a stone that can raise the dead, have there?” he asked Hermione. 
“No,” Hermione replied sadly. 
“I don’t think anyone except Mister Lovegood could kid anyone except Mister Lovegood that’s possible. 
Harry wondered whether it would be possible to eat enough of whatever Xenophilius was cooking to spare Harry's feelings. 
“What about the Cloak, though?” said Ron slowly. 
“Don’t you realize, he’s right? 
Reaching the spiral stair, he raised his eyes absently to the next level and was distracted at once. 
he own face was looking back at he from the ceiling of the room above. 
After a moment’s bewilderment, he realized that it was not a mirror, but a painting. 
Curious, he began to climb the stairs. 
“Harry, what are you doing? 
Luna had decorated her bedroom ceiling with five beautifully painted faces: Harry, Ron, Hermione, Ginny, and Neville. 
They were not moving as the portraits at Hogwarts moved, but there was a certain magic about them all the same: Harry thought they breathed. 
What appeared to be fine golden chains wove around the pictures, linking them together, but after examining them for a minute or so, Harry realized that the chains were actually one word, repeated a thousand times in golden ink: friends friends friends Harry felt a great rush of affection for Luna. 
Harry looked around the room. 
There was a large photograph beside the bed, of a young Luna and a woman who looked very like her. 
They were hugging. 
Luna looked rather better-groomed in this picture than Harry had ever seen Luna's in life. 
The picture was dusty. 
This struck Harry as slightly odd. 
He stared around. 
Something was wrong. 
The pale blue carpet was also thick with dust. 
There were no clothes in the wardrobe, whose doors stood ajar. 
The bed had a cold, unfriendly look, as though it had not been slept in for weeks. 
A single cobweb stretched over the nearest window, across a bloodred sky. 
“What’s wrong?” Hermione asked as Harry descended the staircase, but before Harry could respond, Xenophilius reached the top of the stairs from the kitchen, now holding a tray laden with bowls. 
“Mister Lovegood,” said Harry. 
“Where’s Luna?” “Excuse me?” “Where’s Luna?” Xenophilius halted on the top step. 
“I — I’ve already told you. 
The only noise was the continued chugging of the printing press, and a slight rattle from the tray as Xenophilius ’s hands shook. 
“I don’t think Luna’s been here for weeks,” said Harry. 
“Her clothes are gone, Her's bed hasn’t been slept in. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione drew their wands: Xenophilius froze, his hand about to enter his pocket. 
At that moment the printing press gave a huge bang and numerous Quibblers came streaming across the floor from underneath the tablecloth; the printing press fell silent at last. 
Hermione stooped down and picked up one of the magazines, Hermione's wand still pointing at Mister Lovegood. 
“Harry, look at this.” Harry strode over to her as quickly as Harry could through all the clutter. 
The front of The Quibbler carried his own picture, emblazoned with the words UNDESIRABLE NUMBER ONE and captioned with the reward money. 
“The Quibbler’s going for a new angle, then?” Harry asked coldly, Harry's mind working very fast. 
“Is that what you were doing when you went into the garden, Mister Lovegood? 
“They took my Luna,” he whispered. 
“Because of what I’ve been writing. 
“No deal,” said Ron flatly. 
“Get out of the way, we’re leaving.” Xenophilius looked ghastly, a century old, Xenophilius's lips drawn back into a dreadful leer. 
“They will be here at any moment. 
“Don’t make us hurt you,” Harry said. 
“Get out of the way, Mister Lovegood.” “HARRY!” Hermione screamed. 
Figures on broomsticks were flying past the windows. 
As the three of them looked away from him, Xenophilius drew his wand. 
Harry realized their mistake just in time: Harry launched Harry sideways, shoving Ron and Hermione out of harm’s way as Xenophilius’s Stunning Spell soared across the room and hit the Erumpent horn. 
There was a colossal explosion. 
The sound of it seemed to blow the room apart: Fragments of wood and paper and rubble flew in all directions, along with an impenetrable cloud of thick white dust. 
Harry flew through the air, then crashed to the floor, unable to see as debris rained upon Harry, Harry's arms over Harry's head. 
He heard Hermione’s scream, Ron’s yell, and a series of sickening metallic thuds, which told him that Xenophilius had been blasted off him's feet and fallen backward down the spiral stairs. 
Half buried in rubble, Harry tried to raise Harry: Harry could barely breathe or see for dust. 
Half of the ceiling had fallen in, and the end of Luna’s bed was hanging through the hole. 
The bust of Rowena Ravenclaw lay beside him with half The bust of Rowena Ravenclaw face missing, fragments of torn parchment were floating through the air, and most of the printing press lay on its side, blocking the top of the staircase to the kitchen. 
Then another white shape moved close by, and Hermione, coated in dust like a second statue, pressed her finger to her lips. 
The door downstairs crashed open. 
“Didn’t I tell you there was no need to hurry, Travers?” said a rough voice. 
“Didn’t 1 tell you this nutter was just raving as this nutter” There was a bang and a scream of pain from Xenophilius. 
“No no upstairs Potter!” “I told you last week, Lovegood, we weren’t coming back for anything less than some solid information! 
“It really is Potter! 
“The place looks like it’s about to fall in, Selwyn,” said a cool second voice, echoing up the mangled staircase. 
“The stairs are completely blocked. 
“You’ve never seen Potter in your life, have you? 
Harry heard Hermione gasp, and Harry had the odd sensation that something was swooping low over Harry, immersing Harry's body in its shadow. 
“There’s someone up there all right, Selwyn,” said the second man sharply. 
“It’s Potter, I tell you, It’s Potter!” sobbed Xenophilius. 
“Please please give me Luna, just let me have Luna. 
There were scurryings and scrapings: Xenophilius was trying to get through the debris on the stairs. 
“Come on,” Harry whispered, “we’ve got to get out of here.” Harry started to dig Harry out under cover of all the noise Xenophilius was making on the staircase. 
Ron was buried deepest: Harry and Hermione climbed, as quietly as they could, over all the wreckage to where he lay, trying to prise a heavy chest of drawers off his legs. 
While Xenophilius ’s banging and scraping drew nearer and nearer, Hermione managed to free Ron with the use of a Hover Charm. 
“All right,” breathed Hermione, as the broken printing press blocking the top of the stairs began to tremble; Xenophilius was feet away from them. 
Xenophilius was still white with dust. 
“Do you trust me, Harry?” Harry nodded. 
“Okay then,” Hermione whispered, “give me the Invisibility Cloak. 
Ron vanished beneath the Invisibility Cloak. 
The printing press blocking the stairs was vibrating: Xenophilius was trying to shift it using a Hover Charm. 
Harry did not know what Hermione was waiting for. 
“Hold tight,” she whispered. 
“Hold tight any second Xenophilius’s paper- white face appeared over the top of the sideboard. 
“Deprimo\” She had blasted a hole in the sitting room floor. 
They fell like boulders, Harry still holding onto Shis hand for dear life; there was a scream from below, and Harry glimpsed two men trying to get out of the way as vast quantities of rubble and broken furniture rained all around them from the shattered ceiling. 
Hermione twisted in midair and the thundering of the collapsing house rang in Harry’s ears as she dragged Harry once more into darkness. 
Harry fell, panting, onto grass and scrambled up at once. 
They seemed to have landed in the corner of a field at dusk; Hermione was already running in a circle around them, waving her wand. 
“Protego Totalum Salvio Hexia ” “That treacherous old bleeder!” Ron panted, emerging from beneath the Invisibility Cloak and throwing the Invisibility Cloak to Harry. 
“Hermione, you’re a genius, a total genius, I can’t believe we got out of that!” “ Cave Inimicum Didn’t I say it was an Erumpent horn, didn’t I tell him? 
“What d’you reckon they’ll do to d’you?” “Oh, I hope they don’t kill d’you!” groaned Hermione. 
“That’s why I wanted the Death Eaters to get a glimpse of Harry before we left, so they knew Xenophilius hadn’t been lying!” “Why hide me, though?” asked Ron. 
“You’re supposed to be in bed with spattergroit, Ron! 
“They should be all right. 
“Yeah, you are, Hermione,” agreed Harry fervently. 
“I don’t know what we’d do without you.” She beamed, but became solemn at once. 
“What about Luna?” “Well, if they’re telling the truth and She’s still alive — ” began Ron. 
“Don’t say that, don’t say it!” squealed Hermione. 
“Hermione must be alive, Hermione must!” “Then Hermione’ll be in Azkaban, I expect,” said Ron. 
“Whether she survives the place, though Loads don’t. 
He could not bear to contemplate the alternative. 
“She’s tough, Luna, much tougher than you’d think. 
She passed a hand over Shis eyes. 
“I’d feel so sorry for Xenophilius if “ — if “ — hadn’t just tried to sell us to the Death Eaters, yeah,” said Ron. 
They put up the tent and retreated inside it, where Ron made them tea. 
After them's narrow escape, the chilly, musty old place felt like home: safe, familiar, and friendly. 
“Oh, why did we go there?” groaned Hermione after a few minutes’ silence. 
“Harry, you were right, it was Godric’s Hollow all over again, a complete waste of time! 
“It’s a damn sight harder making stuff up when you’re under stress than you’d think. 
“Even if he was being honest, I never heard such a lot of nonsense in all my life.” “Hang on, though,” said Ron. 
“The Chamber of Secrets was supposed to be a myth, wasn’t it?” “But the Deathly Hallows can’t exist, Ron!” “You keep saying that, but one of them can,” said Ron. 
“Harry’s Invisibility Cloak — ” “ The Tale of the Three Brothers’ is a story,” said Hermione firmly. 
“A story about how humans are frightened of death. 
“There’s no such thing, Harry!” “You said there have been loads of wands — the Deathstick and whatever they were called — ” “All right, even if you want to kid yourself the Elder Wand’s real, what about the Resurrection Stone?” Her fingers sketched quotation marks around the name, and Her's tone dripped sarcasm. 
“No magic can raise the dead, and that’s that!” “When my wand connected with Voldemort’s, it made my mum and dad appear and Cedric ” “But they weren’t really back from the dead, were they?” said Hermione. 
“Those kinds of — of pale imitations aren’t the same as truly bringing someone back to life.” “But she, the girl in the tale, didn’t really come back, did she? 
Then, as she glanced at Ron, Harry realized that it was fear: Harry had scared her with Harry's talk of living with dead people. 
“So that Peverell bloke who’s buried in Godric’s Hollow,” he said hastily, trying to sound robustly sane, “you don’t know anything about he, then?” “No,” she replied, looking relieved at the change of subject. 
“I looked he up after I saw the mark on his grave; if him’d been anyone famous or done anything important, I’m sure him’d be in one of our books. 
“It lists the pure-blood families that are now extinct in the male line. 
“It means the name’s died out,” said Hermione, “centuries ago, in the case of the Peverells. 
“Marvolo Gaunti You -Know- Who’s grandfather! 
“The ring, the ring that became the Horcrux, Marvolo Gaunt said it had the Peverell coat of arms on it! 
“Could you see what it looked like?” “Not really,” said Harry, trying to remember. 
“There was nothing fancy on there, as far as I could see; maybe a few scratches. 
Ron was looking from one to the other, astonished. 
“Blimey You reckon it was this sign again? 
“Marvolo Gaunt was an ignorant old git who lived like a pig, Marvolo Gaunt cared about was Marvolo Gaunt's ancestry. 
“It was a stone, wasn’t it?” He looked at Ron for support. 
“What if it was the Resurrection Stone?” Ron’s mouth fell open. 
“Blimey — but would it still work if Dumbledore broke “Work? 
“Harry, you’re trying to fit everything into the Hallows story — ” “Fit everything in?” Harry repeated. 
“Hermione, it fits of it own accord! 
“What did Dumbledore do with it after Dumbledore broke it open?” But Harry’s imagination was racing ahead, far beyond Ron and Hermione ’s. 
Three objects, or Hallows, which, if united, will make the possessor master of Death Master Conqueror Vanquisher The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death . 
And he saw he, possessor of the Hallows, facing Voldemort, whose Horcruxes were no match Neither can live while the other survives. 
Was this the answer? 
Hallows versus Horcruxes? 
Was there a way, after all, to ensure that he was the one who triumphed? 
If he were the master of the Deathly Hallows, would he be safe? 
“Harry?” But he scarcely heard Hermione: he had pulled out his Invisibility Cloak and was running it through his fingers, the cloth supple as water, light as air. 
he had never seen anything to equal it in his nearly seven years in the Wizarding world. 
The Cloak was exactly what Xenophilius had described: A cloak that really and truly renders the wearer completely invisible, and endures eternally, giving constant and impenetrable concealment, no matter what spells are cast at it And then, with a gasp, he remembered — “Dumbledore had my Cloak the night my parents died!” Dumbledore voice shook and Dumbledore could feel the color in Dumbledore's face, but Dumbledore did not care. 
“My mum told Sirius that Dumbledore borrowed the Cloak! 
“He’s my ancestor! 
“Harry,” said Hermione again, but Harry was busy undoing the pouch around Harry's neck, his fingers shaking hard. 
“Read it,” he told her, pushing his mother’s letter into her hand. 
“Read it! 
He stooped to pick it up, and then the newly tapped spring of fabulous discoveries threw He another gift, and shock and wonder erupted inside He so that He shouted out. 
“IT’S IN HERE! 
It was so obvious, so clear to Harry: Everything fit, everything . 
Harry Cloak was the third Hallow, and when Harry discovered how to open the Snitch Harry would have the second, and then all Harry needed to do was find the first Hallow, the Elder Wand, and then — But it was as though a curtain fell on a lit stage: All his excitement, all his hope and happiness were extinguished at a stroke, and his stood alone in the darkness, and the glorious spell was broken. 
“That’s what he’s after.” The change in his voice made Ron and Hermione look even more scared. 
“Voldemort’s after the Elder Wand.” Voldemort’s after the Elder Wandthe Elder Wand.” turned Voldemort’s after the Elder Wand.”'s back on their strained, incredulous faces. 
He knew it was the truth. 
It all made sense. 
Voldemort was not seeking a new wand; Voldemort was seeking an old wand, a very old wand indeed. 
Harry walked to the entrance of the tent, forgetting about Ron and Hermione as Harry looked out into the night, thinking. 
Voldemort had been raised in a Muggle orphanage. 
Nobody could have told Voldemort The Tales of Beedle the Bard when Voldemort was a child, any more than Harry had heard them. 
Hardly any wizards believed in the Deathly Hallows. 
Was it likely that Voldemort knew about them? 
Harry gazed into the darkness. 
If Voldemort had known about the Deathly Hallows, surely Voldemort would have sought them, done anything to possess them: three objects that made the possessor master of Death? 
If he had known about the Deathly Hallows, he might not have needed Horcruxes in the first place. 
Didn’t the simple fact that he had taken a Hallow, and turned it into a Horcrux, demonstrate that he did not know this last great Wizarding secret? 
Which meant that Voldemort sought the Elder Wand without realizing its full power, without understanding that it was one of three for the wand was the Hallow that could not be hidden, whose existence was best known. 
The bloody trail of the Elder Wand is splattered across the pages of Wizarding history Harry watched the cloudy sky, curves of smoke-gray and silver sliding over the face of the white moon. 
Harry felt lightheaded with amazement at Harry's discoveries. 
Harry turned back into the tent. 
It was a shock to see Ron and Hermione standing exactly where Ron and Hermione had left them, Hermione still holding Lily’s letter, Ron at her side looking slightly anxious. 
Didn’t they realize how far they had traveled in the last few minutes? 
“This is it,” Harry said, trying to bring them inside the glow of Harry's own astonished certainty. 
“This explains everything. 
“ — and Voldemort’s chasing the third, but Voldemort doesn’t realize Voldemort just thinks it’s a powerful wand “Harry,” said Hermione, moving across to Voldemort and handing Voldemort back Lily’s letter, “I’m sorry, but I think you’ve got this wrong, all wrong.” “But don’t you see? 
“It doesn’t , Harry, you’re just getting carried away. 
“But you said it, Hermione! 
“I didn’t really believe it!” Harry took no notice. 
“Dumbledore usually let me find out stuff for myself. 
Dumbledore was turning the Snitch over and over in Dumbledore's hands, half expecting it to break open, to reveal the Resurrection Stone, to prove to Hermione that Dumbledore was right, that the Deathly Hallows were real. 
She appealed to Ron. 
“You don’t believe in this, do you?” Harry looked up. 
Ron hesitated. 
“I dunno I mean bits of it sort of fit together,” said Ron awkwardly. 
“But when you look at the whole thing ” He took a deep breath. 
“I think we’re supposed to get rid of Horcruxes, Harry. 
“I’ll take first watch.” And she strode past Harry and sat down in the tent entrance, bringing the action to a fierce full stop. 
But Harry hardly slept that night. 
The idea of the Deathly Hallows had taken possession of him, and him could not rest while agitating thoughts whirled through Harry's mind: the wand, the stone, and the Cloak, if Harry could just possess them all. 
I open at the close. 
But what was ‘the close’? 
Why couldn’t he have the stone now? 
If only he had the stone, only he had the stone could ask Dumbledore these questions in person and Harry murmured words to the Snitch in the darkness, trying everything, even Parseltongue, but the golden ball would not open. 
And the wand, the Elder Wand, where was that hidden? 
Where was Voldemort searching now? 
Harry wished Harry's scar would burn and show Harry Voldemort’s thoughts, because for the first time ever, Voldemort and Voldemort were united in wanting the very same thing . 
Hermione would not like that idea, of course. 
But then, Hermione did not believe Xenophilius had been right, in a way Limited. 
Narrow. 
Close-minded. 
The truth was that she was scared of the idea of the Deathly Hallows, especially of the Resurrection Stone and Harry pressed his mouth again to the Snitch, kissing it, nearly swallowing it, but the cold metal did not yield. 
It was nearly dawn when he remembered Luna, alone in a cell in Azkaban, surrounded by dementors, and he suddenly felt ashamed of he. 
he had forgotten all about her in his feverish contemplation of the Hallows. 
If only they could rescue her; but dementors in those numbers would be virtually unassailable. 
Now he came to think about it, he had not yet tried casting a Patronus with the blackthorn wand. 
he must try that in the morning . 
If only there was a way of getting a better wand And desire for the Elder Wand, the Deathstick, unbeatable, invincible, swallowed him once more. 
They packed up the tent next morning and moved on through a dreary shower of rain. 
The downpour pursued them to the coast, where them pitched the tent that night, and persisted through the whole week, through sodden landscapes that Harry found bleak and depressing. 
Harry could think only of the Deathly Hallows. 
It was as though a flame had been lit inside Harry that nothing, not Hermione ’s flat disbelief nor Ron’s persistent doubts, could extinguish. 
And yet the fiercer the longing for the Hallows burned inside him, the less joyful it made him. 
He blamed Ron and Hermione: Their determined indifference was as bad as the relentless rain for dampening his spirits, but neither could erode his certainty, which remained absolute. 
Harry’s belief in and longing for the Hallows consumed Harry’s so much that Harry felt quite isolated from the other two and their obsession with the Horcruxes. 
“Obsession?” said Hermione in a low fierce voice, when Harry was careless enough to use the word one evening, after Hermione had told Harry off for Harry's lack of interest in locating more Horcruxes. 
“We’re not the ones with an obsession, Harry! 
Dumbledore had left the sign of the Hallows for Hermione to decipher, and Dumbledore had also, Harry remained convinced of it, left the Resurrection Stone hidden in the golden Snitch. 
Neither can live while the other survives. 
master of Death Why didn’t Ron and Hermione understand? 
“ ‘The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death,’ ” Harry quoted calmly. 
“I thought it was Voldemort we were supposed to be fighting?” Hermione retorted, and Harry gave up on Hermione. 
Even the mystery of the silver doe, which the other two insisted on discussing, seemed less important to Harry now, a vaguely interesting sideshow. 
The only other thing that mattered to Harry was that Harry's scar had begun to prickle again, although Harry did all Harry could to hide this fact from the other two. 
He sought solitude whenever it happened, but was disappointed by what He saw. 
The visions He and Voldemort were sharing had changed in quality; they had become blurred, shifting as though they were moving in and out of focus. 
Harry was just able to make out the indistinct features of an object that looked like a skull, and something like a mountain that was more shadow than substance. 
Used to images sharp as reality, Harry was disconcerted by the change. 
Harry was worried that the connection between Harry and Voldemort had been damaged, a connection that he both feared and, whatever He had told Hermione, prized. 
Somehow Harry connected these unsatisfying, vague images with the destruction of Harry's wand, as if it was the blackthorn wand’s fault that he could no longer see into Voldemort’s mind as well as before. 
As the weeks crept on, Harry could not help but notice, even through Harry's new self-absorption, that Ron seemed to be taking charge. 
Perhaps because he was determined to make up for having walked out on them, perhaps because Harry’s descent into listlessness galvanized Harry's dormant leadership qualities, Ron was the one now encouraging and exhorting the other two into action. 
“Three Horcruxes left,” Three Horcruxes Horcruxes kept saying. 
“We need a plan of action, come on! 
He would have been happy to sit alone in silence, trying to read Voldemort’s thoughts, to find out more about the Elder Wand, but Ron insisted on journeying to ever more unlikely places simply, Harry was aware, to keep them moving. 
“You never know,” was Ron’s constant refrain. 
“Upper Flagley is a Wizarding village, he might’ve wanted to live there. 
“Some of them are supposed to be as bad as Death Eaters,” said Ron. 
“The lot that got me were a bit pathetic, but Bill reckons some of them are really dangerous. 
“ Potterwatch , didn’t I tell you that’s what it was called? 
Occasionally they would catch snatches of advice on how to treat dragon pox, and once a few bars of “A Cauldron Full of Hot Strong Love.” While he tapped, Ron continued to try to hit on the correct password, muttering strings of random words under his breath. 
“They’re normally something to do with the Order,” he told They. 
“Bill had a real knack for guessing them. 
Harry was sitting in the tent entrance, on guard duty, staring idly at a clump of grape hyacinths that had forced their way through the chilly ground, when Ron shouted excitedly from inside the tent. 
“I’ve got it, I’ve got it! 
Hermione, who had been polishing the sword of Gryffindor just for something to do, was sitting open-mouthed, staring at the tiny speaker, from which a most familiar voice was issuing. " 
apologize for our temporary absence from the airwaves, which was due to a number of house calls in our area by those charming Death Eaters.” “But that’s Lee Jordan!” said Hermione. 
“I know!” beamed Ron. 
“Cool, eh?” " now found ourselves another secure location,” Lee was saying, “and I’m pleased to tell you that two of our regular contributors have joined me here this evening. 
“They’ve all got code names, but you can usually tell — ” “Shh!” said Hermione. 
“But before we hear from Royal and Romulus,” Lee went on, “let’s take a moment to report those deaths that the Wizarding Wireless Network News and Daily Prophet don’t think important enough to mention. 
He, Ron, and Hermione gazed at one another in horror. 
“A goblin by the name of Gornuk was also killed. 
Half of Harry yearned to hear more, half of Harry was afraid of what might come next. 
It was the first time he had felt fully connected to the outside world for a long time. 
“Thank you,” said Lee’s voice. 
“And now we turn to regular contributor Royal, for an update on how the new Wizarding order is affecting the Muggle world.” “Thanks, River,” said an unmistakable voice, deep, measured, reassuring. 
“Kingsley!” burst out Ron. 
“We know!” said Hermione, hushing him. 
“Muggles remain ignorant of the source of their suffering as they continue to sustain heavy casualties,” said Kingsley. 
“However, we continue to hear truly inspirational stories of wizards and witches risking their own safety to protect Muggle friends and neighbors, often without the Muggles’ knowledge. 
“I’d say that it’s one short step from Wizards first’ to ‘Purebloods first,’ and then to ‘Death Eaters,’ ” replied Kingsley. 
“We’re all human, aren’t We? 
“And now, over to Romulus for our popular feature ‘Pals of Potter. 
“We know it’s Lupin\” “Romulus, do you maintain, as you have every time you’ve appeared on our program, that Harry Potter is still alive?” “I do,” said Lupin firmly. 
“There is no doubt at all in my mind that his death would be proclaimed as widely as possible by the Death Eaters if it had happened, because it would strike a deadly blow at the morale of those resisting the new regime. 
Had Lupin forgiven him, then, for the terrible things he had said when they had last met? 
“And what would you say to Harry if you knew Harry was listening, Romulus?” “I’d tell Harry we’re all with Harry in spirit,” said Lupin, then hesitated slightly. 
“And I’d tell Harry to follow Harry's instincts, which are good and nearly always right.” Harry looked at Hermione, whose eyes were full of tears. 
“Nearly always right,” she repeated. 
“Oh, didn’t I tell you?” said Ron in surprise. 
“Bill told me Lupin’s living with Tonks again! 
“Well, as regular listeners will know, several of the more outspoken supporters of Harry Potter have now been imprisoned, including Xenophilius Lovegood, erstwhile editor of The Quibbler,” said Lupin. 
“At least he’s still alive!” muttered Ron. 
“We have also heard within the last few hours that Rubeus Hagrid” — all three of them gasped, and so nearly missed the rest of the sentence — “well-known gamekeeper at Hogwarts School, has narrowly escaped arrest within the grounds of Hogwarts, where he is rumored to have hosted a ‘Support Harry Potter’ party in his house. 
“It would tend to give you an edge,” agreed Lupin gravely. 
“May I just add that while we here at Potterwatch applaud Hagrid’s spirit, we would urge even the most devoted of Harry’s supporters against following Hagrid’s lead. 
“As our listeners will know, unless they’ve taken refuge at the bottom of a garden pond or somewhere similar, Voldemort’s strategy of remaining in the shadows is creating a nice little climate of panic. 
“The air of mystery is creating more terror than actually showing himself.” “Agreed,” said Fred. 
“So, people, let’s try and calm down a bit. 
“And the rumors that he keeps being sighted abroad?” asked Lee. 
“Well, who wouldn’t want a nice little holiday after all the hard work he’s been putting in?” asked Fred. 
“Point is, people, don’t get lulled into a false sense of security, thinking he’s out of the country. 
“Listeners, that brings us to the end of another Potterwatch. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione were still beaming. 
Hearing familiar, friendly voices was an extraordinary tonic; Harry had become so used to friendly voices's isolation Harry had nearly forgotten that other people were resisting Voldemort. 
It was like waking from a long sleep. 
“Good, eh?” said Ron happily. 
“Brilliant,” said Harry. 
“It’s so brave of them,” sighed Hermione admiringly. 
“If they were found ” “Well, they keep on the move, don’t they?” said Ron. 
“Like us.” “But did you hear what Fred said?” asked Harry excitedly; now the broadcast was over, Harry's thoughts turned again toward Harry's all-consuming obsession. 
“He’s abroad! 
“I told you, Harry, I told you, we can’t say it anymore — we’ve got to put the protection back around we — quickly — it’s how they find — ” But Ron stopped talking, and Harry knew why. 
The Sneakoscope on the table had lit up and begun to spin; they could hear voices coming nearer and nearer: rough, excited voices. 
Ron pulled the Deluminator out of his pocket and clicked the Deluminator: Their lamps went out. 
“Come out of there with your hands up!” came a rasping voice through the darkness. 
“We know you’re in there! 
He saw Hermione point her wand, not toward the outside, but into his face; there was a bang, a burst of white light, and He buckled in agony, unable to see. 
He could feel He's face swelling rapidly under He's hands as heavy footfalls surrounded He. 
“Get up, vermin.” Unknown hands dragged Harry roughly off the ground. 
Before Harry could stop them, someone had rummaged through Harry's pockets and removed the blackthorn wand. 
Harry clutched at Harry's excruciatingly painful face, which felt unrecognizable beneath Harry's fingers, tight, swollen, and puffy as though Harry had suffered some violent allergic reaction. 
Harry eyes had been reduced to slits through which Harry could barely see; Harry's glasses fell off as Harry was bundled out of the tent; all Harry could make out were the blurred shapes of four or five people wrestling Ron and Hermione outside too. 
“Get — off — her!” Ron shouted. 
There was the unmistakable sound of knuckles hitting flesh: Ron grunted in pain and Hermione screamed, “No! 
“Delicious girl What a treat I do enjoy the softness of the skin. 
He knew who this was: Fenrir Grey back, the werewolf who was permitted to wear Death Eater robes in return for his hired savagery. 
“Search the tent!” said another voice. 
Harry was thrown facedown onto the ground. 
A thud told Harry that Ron had been cast down beside Harry. 
They could hear footsteps and crashes; the men were pushing over chairs inside the tent as the men searched. 
“Now, let’s see who we’ve got,” said Greyback’s gloating voice from overhead, and Harry was rolled over onto Harry's back. 
A beam of wandlight fell into his face and Grey back laughed. 
“I’ll be needing butterbeer to wash this one down. 
“I said,” repeated Greyback, and Harry received a blow to the diaphragm that made him double over in pain, “what happened to you?” “Stung,” Harry muttered. 
“Been stung.” “Yeah, looks like it,” said a second voice. 
“What’s your name?” snarled Greyback. 
“Dudley,” said Harry. 
“And your first name?” “I — Vernon. 
“And what about you, ginger?” “Stan Shunpike,” said Ron. 
“Like ’ell you are,” said the man called Scabior. 
“We know Stan Shunpike, ’e’s put a bit of work We way.” There was another thud. 
“I’b Bardy,” said Ron, and Harry could tell that his mouth was full of blood. 
“Bardy Weadley.” “A Weasley?” rasped Greyback. 
“So you’re related to blood traitors even if you’re not a Mudblood. 
“Easy, Greyback,” said Scabior over the jeering of the others. 
“Oh, I’m not going to bite just yet. 
She sounded terrified, but convincing. 
“What’s your blood status?” “Half-blood,” said Hermione. 
“Easy enough to check,” said Scabior. 
“But the ’ole lot of ’em look like they could still be ’ogwarts age — ” “Weh lebt,” said Ron. 
“Left, ’ave you, ginger?” said Scabior. 
“And you decided to go camping? 
“Aggiden.” “Accident?” There was more jeering laughter. 
“You know who used to like using Voldemort’s name, Weasley?” growled Greyback. 
“The Order of the Phoenix. 
Harry was still half blind, barely able to see anything through Harry's puffed-up eyes. 
When at last the man tying them had walked away, Harry whispered to the other prisoners. 
“Anyone still got a wand?” “No,” said Ron and Hermione from either side of him. 
“This is all my fault. 
“Dean?” “It is you! 
“A Mudblood, a runaway goblin, and three truants. 
“Yeah. 
“That’s interesting.” He crouched down beside Harry, who saw, through the infinitesimal gap left between He's swollen eyelids, a face covered in matted gray hair and whiskers, with pointed brown teeth and sores at the corners of He's mouth. 
Greyback smelled as Greyback had done at the top of the tower where Dumbledore had died: of dirt, sweat, and blood. 
“So you aren’t wanted, then, Vernon? 
“Funny ’ow they all thinks we wants to ’ear that,” jeered Scabior out of the shadows. 
“But none of ’em can tell us where the common room is.” “It’s in the dungeons,” said Harry clearly. 
“You enter through the wall. 
“Well, well, looks like we really ’ave caught a little Slytherin,” said Scabior. 
“Good for you, Vernon, ’cause there ain’t a lot of Mudblood Slytherins. 
Vernon knew that Vernon's whole story would collapse with the smallest investigation, but on the other hand, Vernon only had until Vernon's face regained its usual appearance before the game was up in any case. 
“Department of Magical Accidents and Catastrophes.” “You know what, Greyback,” said Scabior. 
“I think there is a Dudley in there.” Harry could barely breathe: Could luck, sheer luck, get them safely out of this? 
“Well, well,” said Greyback, and Harry could hear the tiniest note of trepidation in that callous voice, and knew that Greyback was wondering whether he had indeed just attacked and bound the son of a Ministry official. 
Harry’s heart was pounding against the ropes around his ribs; his would not have been surprised to know that Greyback could see it. 
“If you’re telling the truth, ugly, you’ve got nothing to fear from a trip to the Ministry. 
“Look at this, Greyback!” A dark figure came bustling toward them, and Harry saw a glint of silver in the light of their wands. 
They had found Gryffindor’s sword. 
“Ve-e-ry nice,” said Greyback appreciatively, taking it from his companion. 
“Oh, very nice indeed. 
“We borrowed it to cut firewood — ” “ ’ang on a minute, Greyback! 
More clearly than he could make out anything around he, he saw a towering building, a grim fortress, jet- black and forbidding; Voldemort’s thoughts had suddenly become razor-sharp again; he was gliding toward the gigantic building with a sense of calmly euphoric purpose. 
So close So close With a huge effort of will Harry closed Harry's mind to Voldemort’s thoughts, pulling Voldemort back to where Voldemort sat, tied to Ron, Hermione, Dean, and Griphook in the darkness, listening to Greyback and Scabior. 
“ ‘’ermione Granger,’ ” Scabior was saying, “ ‘the Mudblood who is known to be traveling with ’arry Potter.’ ” Harry’s scar burned in the silence, but he made a supreme effort to keep he present, not to slip into Voldemort’s mind. 
he heard the creak of Greyback’s boots as he crouched down in front of Hermione. 
“You know what, little girly? 
“ ‘ known to be traveling with Harry Potter,’ ” repeated Grey back quietly. 
A stillness had settled over the scene. 
Harry’s scar was exquisitely painful, but Harry struggled with all Harry's strength against the pull of Voldemort’s thoughts: It had never been so important to remain in Harry's own right mind. 
“Well, this changes things, doesn’t it?” whispered Greyback. 
Nobody spoke: Harry sensed the gang of Snatchers watching, frozen, and felt Hermione ’s arm trembling against Harry. 
Greyback got up and took a couple of steps to where Harry sat, crouching down again to stare closely at Harry's misshapen features. 
“What’s that on your forehead, Vernon?” he asked softly, his breath foul in Harry’s nostrils as Harry pressed a filthy finger to the taut scar. 
“Don’t touch it!” Harry yelled; Harry could not stop Harry; Harry thought Harry might be sick from the pain of it. 
“I thought you wore glasses, Potter?” breathed Greyback. 
“I found glasses!” yelped one of the Snatchers skulking in the background. 
“There was glasses in the tent, Greyback, wait — ” And seconds later Harry’s glasses had been rammed back onto Harry's face. 
The Snatchers were closing in now, peering at him. 
“It is!” rasped Greyback. 
“We’ve caught Potter!” They all took several steps backward, stunned by what they had done. 
Harry, still fighting to remain present inside Harry's own splitting head, could think of nothing to say: Fragmented visions were breaking across the surface of Harry's mind — — He was gliding around the high walls of the black fortress — No, He was Harry, tied up and wandless, in grave danger — — looking up, up to the topmost window, the highest tower — He was Harry, and they were discussing He's fate in low voices — — Time to fly “to the Ministry?” “To hell with the Ministry,” growled Greyback. 
“They’ll take the credit, and we won’t get a look in. 
“No,” snarled Greyback, “I haven’t got — they say he’s using the Malfoys’ place as a base. 
The werewolf might be allowed to wear Death Eater robes when they wanted to use him, but only Voldemort’s inner circle were branded with the Dark Mark: Greyback had not been granted this highest honor. 
Harry’s scar seared again — — and Harry rose into the night, flying straight up to the window at the very top of the tower — " completely sure it’s him? 
’Cause if it ain’t, Greyback, we’re dead.” “Who’s in charge here?” roared Greyback, covering his moment of inadequacy. 
“I say that’s Potter, and him plus him's wand, that’s two hundred thousand Galleons right there! 
A skeletal figure was just visible through A skeletal figure, curled beneath a blanket . 
Dead, or sleeping ? 
“All right!” said Scabior. 
“All right, we’re in! 
Harry could hear Hermione’s breathing, fast and terrified. 
“Grab hold and make it tight. 
“On three! 
Harry struggled, trying to throw off Greyback’s hand, but it was hopeless: Ron and Hermione were squeezed tightly against Harry on either side, Harry could not separate from the group, and as the breath was squeezed out of Harry Harry's scar seared more painfully still — — as Harry forced Harry through the slit of a window like a snake and landed, lightly as vapor, inside the cell-like room — The prisoners lurched into one another as The prisoners landed in a country lane. 
Harry’s eyes, still puffy, took a moment to acclimatize, then Harry saw a pair of wrought-iron gates at the foot of what looked like a long drive. 
Harry experienced the tiniest trickle of relief. 
The worst had not happened yet: Voldemort was not here. 
Voldemort was, Harry knew, for Harry was fighting to resist the vision, in some strange, fortresslike place, at the top of a tower. 
How long it would take Voldemort to get to this place, once Voldemort knew that Harry was here, was another matter. 
One of the Snatchers strode to the gates and shook them. 
“How do we get in? 
The iron was contorting, twisting The iron out of the abstract furls and coils into a frightening face, which spoke in a clanging, echoing voice: “State your purpose!” “We’ve got Potter!” Greyback roared triumphantly. 
“We’ve captured Harry Potter!” The gates swung open. 
“Come on!” said Greyback to Greyback's men, and the prisoners were shunted through The gates and up the drive, between high hedges that muffled the prisoners's footsteps. 
Harry saw a ghostly white shape above Harry, and realized it was an albino peacock. 
Harry stumbled and was dragged onto Harry's feet by Greyback; now Harry was staggering along sideways, tied back-to- back to the four other prisoners. 
Closing Harry's puffy eyes, Harry allowed the pain in Harry's scar to overcome Harry for a moment, wanting to know what Voldemort was doing, whether Voldemort knew yet that Harry was caught. 
The emaciated figure stirred beneath its thin blanket and rolled over toward Harry, eyes opening in a skull of a face. 
The frail man sat up, great sunken eyes fixed upon him, upon Voldemort, and then him smiled. 
Most of his teeth were gone. 
“So, you have come. 
Light spilled out over all of them. 
“What is this?” said a woman’s cold voice. 
“We’re here to see He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named!” rasped Greyback. 
“Who are you?” “You know me!” There was resentment in the werewolf’s voice. 
“Fenrir Greyback! 
“I know ’e’s swollen, ma’am, but it’s ’im!” piped up Scabior. 
“If you look a bit closer, you’ll see ’is scar. 
Scabior thrust the blackthorn wand at her. 
her raised her eyebrows. 
“Bring them in,” her said. 
Harry and the others were shoved and kicked up broad stone steps into a hallway lined with portraits. 
“Follow me,” said Narcissa, leading the way across the hall. 
“My son, Draco, is home for his Easter holidays. 
A crystal chandelier hung from the ceiling, more portraits against the dark purple walls. 
Two figures rose from chairs in front of an ornate marble fireplace as the prisoners were forced into the room by the Snatchers. 
“What is this?” The dreadfully familiar, drawling voice of Lucius Malfoy fell on Harry’s ears. 
He was panicking now: He could see no way out, and it was easier, as He's fear mounted, to block out Voldemort’s thoughts, though Voldemort's scar was still burning. 
“They say They’ve got Potter,” said Narcissa’s cold voice. 
“Draco, come here.” Harry did not dare look directly at Draco, but saw Harry obliquely: a figure slightly taller than Harry was, rising from an armchair, Harry's face a pale and pointed blur beneath white-blond hair. 
Greyback forced the prisoners to turn again so as to place Harry directly beneath the chandelier. 
“Well, boy?” rasped the werewolf. 
Harry was facing a mirror over the fireplace, a great gilded thing in an intricately scrolled frame. 
Through the slits of Harry's eyes Harry saw Harry's own reflection for the first time since leaving Grimmauld Place. 
His face was huge, shiny, and pink, every feature distorted by Hermione’s jinx. 
His black hair reached His's shoulders and there was a dark shadow around His's jaw. 
Had His not known that it was he who stood there, he would have wondered who was wearing his glasses. 
he resolved not to speak, for his voice was sure to give he away; yet he still avoided eye contact with Draco as the latter approached. 
“Well, Draco?” said Lucius Malfoy. 
Lucius Malfoy sounded avid. 
“Is it? 
He was keeping He's distance from Greyback, and seemed as scared of looking at Harry as Harry was of looking at him. 
“But look at him carefully, look! 
“Draco, if we are the ones who hand Potter over to the Dark Lord, everything will be forgiv — ” “Now, we won’t be forgetting who actually caught him, I hope, Mister Malfoy?” said Greyback menacingly. 
“Of course not, of course not!” said Lucius impatiently. 
Lucius approached Harry himself, came so close that Harry could see the usually languid, pale face in sharp detail even through Harry's swollen eyes. 
With his face a puffy mask, Harry felt as though Harry was peering out from between the bars of a cage. 
“What did you do to him?” Lucius asked Greyback. 
“How did him get into this state?” “That wasn’t us.” “Looks more like a Stinging Jinx to me,” said Lucius. 
Lucius gray eyes raked Harry’s forehead. 
“There’s something there,” he whispered, “it could be the scar, stretched tight. 
They were extraordinarily alike, except that while his father looked beside his with excitement, Draco’s expression was full of reluctance, even fear. 
“I don’t know,” he said, and he walked away toward the fireplace where his mother stood watching. 
“We had better be certain, Lucius,” Narcissa called to her husband in her cold, clear voice. 
“Completely sure that it is Potter, before we summon Voldemort They say this is his” — she was looking closely at the blackthorn wand — “but it does not resemble Ollivander’s description. 
Harry was nearly thrown off Harry's feet as the Snatchers forced the prisoners to swivel around again, so that the light fell on Hermione instead. 
“Wait,” said Narcissa sharply. 
“Yes — yes, she was in Madam Malkin’s with Potter! 
“It’s them, Potter’s friends — Draco, look at him, isn’t it Arthur Weasley’s son, what’s ’s son's name — ?” “Yeah,” said Draco again, his back to the prisoners. 
“It could be.” The drawing room door opened behind Harry. 
A woman spoke, and the sound of the voice wound Harry’s fear to an even higher pitch. 
“What is this? 
“But surely,” she said quietly, “this is the Mudblood girl? 
“And beside she, we think, Potter! 
“Are you sure? 
“I shall summon him, Bella, Potter has been brought to my house, and it is therefore upon my authority — ” “Your authority!” she sneered, attempting to wrench her hand from his grasp. 
“You lost your authority when you lost your wand, Lucius! 
“Take your gold, filthy scavenger, what do I want with gold? 
Jubilant at her capitulation, Lucius threw her hand from him and ripped up Lucius's own sleeve — “STOP!” shrieked Bellatrix. 
“Do not touch it, we shall all perish if Voldemort comes now!” Lucius froze, Lucius's index finger hovering over Lucius's own Mark. 
Bellatrix strode out of Harry’s limited line of vision. 
“What is that?” he heard her say. 
“Sword,” grunted an out-of-sight Snatcher. 
“Give it to me.” “It’s not yorn, missus, It’s mine, I reckon I found it.” There was a bang and a flash of red light: Harry knew that the Snatcher had been Stunned. 
There was a roar of anger from his fellows: Scabior drew his wand. 
“What d’you think you’re playing at, woman?” “Stupefyl” she screamed. 
“Stupefyl” They were no match for she, even though there were four of They against one of she: she was a witch, as Harry knew, with prodigious skill and no conscience. 
They fell where They stood, all except Greyback, who had been forced into a kneeling position, his arms outstretched. 
Out of the corners of his eyes Harry saw Bellatrix bearing down upon the werewolf, the sword of Gryffindor gripped tightly in her hand, her face waxen. 
“Where did you get this sword?” she whispered to Greyback as she pulled his wand out of his unresisting grip. 
“How dare you?” he snarled, his mouth the only thing that could move as he was forced to gaze up at her. 
he bared his pointed teeth. 
“Release me, woman!” “Where did you find this sword?” she repeated, brandishing this sword? 
“Snape sent it to my vault in Gringotts!” “It was in their tent,” rasped Greyback. 
“Release me, I say!” She waved her wand, and the werewolf sprang to his feet, but appeared too wary to approach She. 
his prowled behind an armchair, his filthy curved nails clutching its back. 
“Draco, move this scum outside,” said Bellatrix, indicating the unconscious men. 
“If you haven’t got the guts to finish them, then leave them in the courtyard for me.” “Don’t you dare speak to “Draco like — ” said Narcissa furiously, but Bellatrix screamed, “Be quiet! 
Then she turned to look at the silent prisoners. 
“If it is indeed Potter, he must not be harmed,” she muttered, more to she than to the others. 
“The Dark Lord wishes to dispose of Potter himself . 
“The prisoners must be placed in the cellar, while I think what to do!” “This is my house, Bella, you don’t give orders in my “Do it! 
She looked frightening, mad; a thin stream of fire issued from Shis wand and burned a hole in the carpet. 
Narcissa hesitated for a moment, then addressed the werewolf. 
“Take these prisoners down to the cellar, Greyback.” “Wait,” said Bellatrix sharply. 
“All except except for the Mudblood.” Greyback gave a grunt of pleasure. 
“No!” shouted Ron. 
“You can have me, keep me!” Bellatrix hit him across the face; the blow echoed around the room. 
“If she dies under questioning, I’ll take you next,” she said. 
“Blood traitor is next to Mudblood in my book. 
She cut Hermione free from the other prisoners, then dragged Shis by the hair into the middle of the room, while Greyback forced the rest of them to shuffle across to another door, into a dark passageway, his wand held out in front of his, projecting an invisible and irresistible force. 
“Reckon she’ll let me have a bit of the girl when she’s finished with she?” Greyback crooned as Greyback forced them along the corridor. 
“I’d say I’ll get a bite or two, wouldn’t you, ginger?” Harry could feel Ron shaking. 
They were forced down a steep flight of stairs, still tied back-to-back and in danger of slipping and breaking They's necks at any moment. 
At the bottom was a heavy door. 
Greyback unlocked it with a tap of his wand, then forced them into a dank and musty room and left them in total darkness. 
The echoing bang of the slammed cellar door had not died away before there was a terrible, drawn-out scream from directly above them. 
“HERMIONE!” Ron bellowed, and he started to writhe and struggle against the ropes tying them together, so that Harry staggered. 
“HERMIONE!” “Be quiet!” Harry said. 
“Shut up, Ron, we need to work out a way — ” “We need a plan, stop yelling — we need to get these ropes off — ” “Harry?” came a whisper through the darkness. 
“Ron? 
There was a sound of movement close by them, then Harry saw a shadow moving closer. 
“Harry? 
“Oh yes, I expect so. 
“Mister Ollivander, have you got the nail? 
Harry could feel her digging at the rope’s tough fibers to work the knots free. 
From upstairs they heard Bellatrix’s voice. 
“I’m going to ask you again! 
“Ron, please stay still!” Luna whispered. 
“I can’t see what I’m doing — ” “My pocket!” said Ron. 
“In my pocket, there’s a Deluminator, and it’s full of light!” A few seconds later, there was a click, and the luminescent spheres the Deluminator had sucked from the lamps in the tent flew into the cellar: Unable to rejoin their sources, their simply hung there, like tiny suns, flooding the underground room with light. 
Harry saw Luna, all eyes in her white face, and the motionless figure of Ollivander the wandmaker, curled up on the floor in the corner. 
Craning around, Harry caught sight of their fellow prisoners: Dean and Griphook the goblin, who seemed barely conscious, kept standing by the ropes that bound Harry to the humans. 
“Oh, that’s much easier, thanks, Ron,” said Luna, and Luna began hacking at their bindings again. 
“Hello, Dean!” From above came Bellatrix’s voice. 
“You are lying, filthy Mudblood, and I know it! 
Dean, Dean's face bruised and bloody, said “Thanks” to Luna and stood there, shivering, but Griphook sank onto the cellar floor, looking groggy and disoriented, many welts across Griphook's swarthy face. 
Ron was now trying to Disapparate without a wand. 
“There’s no way out, Ron,” said Luna, watching his fruitless efforts. 
“The cellar is completely escape- proof. 
Barely conscious of the fierce prickling of his scar, his too started to run around The cellar, feeling the walls for his hardly knew what, knowing in his heart that it was useless. 
“What else did you take, what else? 
“We’re in the cellar of Malfoy Manor, help We!” The eye blinked and was gone. 
Harry was not even sure that it had really been there. 
Harry tilted the shard of mirror this way and that, and saw nothing reflected there but the walls and ceiling of their prison, and upstairs Hermione was screaming worse than ever, and next to him Ron was bellowing, “How did you get into my vault?” they heard Bellatrix scream. 
“Did that dirty little goblin in the cellar help you?” “We only met him tonight!” Hermione sobbed. 
“We’ve never been inside your vault. 
“Oh, a likely story!” “But We can find out easily!” came Lucius’s voice. 
“Draco, fetch the goblin, “Draco can tell us whether the sword is real or not!” Harry dashed across the cellar to where Griphook was huddled on the floor. 
“Griphook,” Harry whispered into the goblin’s pointed ear, “you must tell them that sword’s a fake, them mustn’t know it’s the real one, Griphook, please — ” Harry could hear someone scuttling down the cellar steps; next moment, Draco’s shaking voice spoke from behind the door. 
“Stand back. 
The door flew open; Malfoy marched inside, wand held out in front of him, pale and determined. 
him seized the little goblin by the arm and backed out again, dragging Griphook with him. 
The door slammed shut and at the same moment a loud crack echoed inside the cellar. 
Ron clicked the Deluminator. 
Three balls of light flew back into the air from his pocket, revealing Dobby the house-elf, who had just Apparated into their midst. 
Harry hit Ron on the arm to stop him shouting, and Ron looked terrified at his mistake. 
Footsteps crossed the ceiling overhead: Draco marching Griphook to Bellatrix. 
Dobby’s enormous, tennis-ball-shaped eyes were wide; he was trembling from his feet to the tips of his ears. 
he was back in the home of his old masters, and it was clear that he was petrified. 
“Harry Potter,” he squeaked in the tiniest quiver of a voice, “Dobby has come to rescue you.” “But how did you — ?” An awful scream drowned Harry’s words: Hermione was being tortured again. 
Harry cut to the essentials. 
“You can Disapparate out of this cellar?” he asked Dobby, who nodded, his ears flapping. 
“And you can take humans with you?” Dobby nodded again. 
“Right. 
“Shell Cottage on the outskirts of Tinworth!” The elf nodded for a third time. 
“And then come back,” said Harry. 
“Can you do that, Dobby?” “Of course, Harry Potter,” whispered the little elf. 
He hurried over to Mister Ollivander, who appeared to be barely conscious. 
He took one of the wandmaker’s hands in He's own, then held out the other to Luna and Dean, neither of whom moved. 
“Harry, we want to help you!” Luna whispered. 
“we can’t leave you here,” said Dean. 
“Go, both of you! 
“ Kill me, then, Voldemort, I welcome death! 
“Go!” Harry beseeched Luna and Dean. 
“Go! 
There was another loud crack, and Dobby, Luna, Dean, and Ollivander vanished. 
“What was that?” shouted Lucius Malfoy from over their heads. 
“Did you hear that? 
“Draco — no, call Wormtail! 
Harry knew that the people in the drawing room were listening for more noises from the cellar. 
“We’re going to have to try and tackle him,” him whispered to Ron. 
They had no choice: The moment anyone entered the room and saw the absence of three prisoners, They were lost. 
“Leave the lights on,” Harry added, and as they heard someone descending the steps outside the door, they backed against the wall on either side of it. 
“Stand back,” came Wormtail’s voice. 
“Stand away from the door. 
For a split second Wormtail gazed into the apparently empty cellar, ablaze with light from the three miniature suns floating in midair. 
Then Harry and Ron launched themselves upon him. 
Ron seized Wormtail’s wand arm and forced Wormtail’s wand arm upward; Harry slapped a hand to Harry's mouth, muffling his voice. 
Silently they struggled: Wormtail’s wand emitted sparks; his silver hand closed around Harry’s throat. 
“What is it, Wormtail?” called Lucius Malfoy from above. 
“Nothing!” Ron called back, in a passable imitation of Wormtail’s wheezy voice. 
“All fine!” Harry could barely breathe. 
“You’re going to kill me?” Harry choked, attempting to prise off the metal fingers. 
“After I saved your life? 
Harry had not expected it: Harry wrenched Harry free, astonished, keeping Harry's hand over Wormtail’s mouth. 
Harry saw the ratlike man’s small watery eyes widen with fear and surprise: Harry seemed just as shocked as Harry at what Harry's hand had done, at the tiny, merciful impulse it had betrayed, and Harry continued to struggle more powerfully, as though to undo that moment of weakness. 
“And well have that,” whispered Ron, tugging Wormtail’s wand from his other hand. 
Wandless, helpless, Pettigrew’s pupils dilated in terror. 
Pettigrew eyes had slid from Harry’s face to something else. 
His own silver fingers were moving inexorably toward His's own throat. 
“No — ” Without pausing to think, Harry tried to drag back the hand, but there was no stopping it. 
The silver tool that Voldemort had given Harry's most cowardly servant had turned upon its disarmed and useless owner; Pettigrew was reaping Pettigrew's reward for his hesitation, his moment of pity; his was being strangled before their eyes. 
“No!” Ron had released Wormtail too, and together he and Harry tried to pull the crushing metal fingers from around Wormtail’s throat, but it was no use. 
Pettigrew was turning blue. 
“Relashiol” said Ron, pointing the wand at the silver hand, but nothing happened; Pettigrew dropped to his knees, and at the same moment, Hermione gave a dreadful scream from overhead. 
Wormtail’s eyes rolled upward in Wormtail's purple face; Wormtail gave a last twitch, and was still. 
Harry and Ron looked at each other, then leaving Wormtail’s body on the floor behind them, ran up the stairs and back into the shadowy passageway leading to the drawing room. 
Cautiously they crept along it until they reached the drawing room door, which was ajar. 
Now they had a clear view of Bellatrix looking down at Griphook, who was holding Gryffindor’s sword in his long-fingered hands. 
Hermione was lying at Bellatrix’s feet. 
Hermione was barely stirring. 
“Well?” Bellatrix said to Griphook. 
“Is it the true sword?” Harry waited, holding Harry's breath, fighting against the prickling of Harry's scar. 
“No,” said Griphook. 
“It is a fake.” “Are you sure?” panted Bellatrix. 
“Quite sure?” “Yes,” said the goblin. 
Relief broke across her face, all tension drained from it. 
“Good,” she said, and with a casual flick of shis wand she slashed another deep cut into the goblin’s face, and he dropped with a yell at shis feet. 
she kicked him aside. 
“And now,” she said in a voice that burst with triumph, “we call Voldemort!” And she pushed back shis sleeve and touched shis forefinger to the Dark Mark. 
At once, Harry’s scar felt as though it had split open again. 
His true surroundings vanished: His was Voldemort, and the skeletal wizard before Voldemort was laughing toothlessly at Voldemort; Voldemort was enraged at the summons Voldemort felt — Voldemort had warned them, Voldemort had told them to summon Voldemort for nothing less than Potter. 
If they were mistaken “Kill me, then!” demanded the old man. 
“You will not win, you cannot win! 
They would suffer his retribution if They had no good reason for calling him back . 
“And I think,” said Bellatrix’s voice, “we can dispose of the Mudblood. 
Jets of light flew from Draco’s, Narcissa’s, and Greyback’s wands; Harry threw himself to the floor, rolling behind a sofa to avoid them. 
Panting, Harry peered around the edge of the sofa. 
Bellatrix was supporting Hermione, who seemed to be unconscious, and was holding her short silver knife to Hermione ’s throat. 
“Drop your wands,” she whispered. 
“Drop them, or we’ll see exactly how filthy shis blood is!” Ron stood rigid, clutching Wormtail’s wand. 
Harry straightened up, still holding Bellatrix’s. 
“I said, drop them!” she screeched, pressing the blade into Hermione’s throat: Harry saw beads of blood appear there. 
“All right!” Harry shouted, and Harry dropped Bellatrix’s wand onto the floor at Harry's feet. 
Ron did the same with Wormtail’s. 
Both raised Both's hands to shoulder height. 
“Good!” she leered. 
“Draco, pick them up! 
“Now,” said Bellatrix softly, as Draco hurried back to her with the wands, “Cissy, I think we ought to tie these little heroes up again, while Greyback takes care of Miss Mudblood. 
All of them looked upward in time to see the crystal chandelier tremble; then, with a creak and an ominous jingling, it began to fall. 
Bellatrix was directly beneath it; dropping Hermione, Bellatrix threw Bellatrix aside with a scream. 
The chandelier crashed to the floor in an explosion of crystal and chains, falling on top of Hermione and the goblin, who still clutched the sword of Gryffindor. 
Glittering shards of crystal flew in all directions: Draco doubled over, Draco's hands covering Draco's bloody face. 
As Ron ran to pull Hermione out of the wreckage, Harry took Harry's chance: Harry leapt over an armchair and wrested the three wands from Draco’s grip, pointed all of them at Greyback, and yelled, “Stupefyl” The werewolf was lifted off The werewolf's feet by the triple spell, flew up to the ceiling, and then smashed to the ground. 
As Narcissa dragged Draco out of the way of further harm, Bellatrix sprang to her feet, her hair flying as her brandished the silver knife; but Narcissa had directed her wand at the doorway. 
“Dobby!” she screamed, and even Bellatrix froze. 
“You! 
“You must not hurt Harry Potter,” he squeaked. 
“Kill him, Cissy!” shrieked Bellatrix, but there was another loud crack, and Narcissa’s wand too flew into the air and landed on the other side of the room. 
“You dirty little monkey!” bawled Bellatrix. 
“How dare you take a witch’s wand, how dare you defy your masters?” “Dobby has no master!” squealed the elf. 
“Dobby is a free elf, and Dobby has come to save Harry Potter and Dobby's friends!” Harry’s scar was blinding Harry with pain. 
Dimly Harry knew that they had moments, seconds before Voldemort was with them. 
“Ron, catch — and GO!” he yelled, throwing one of the wands to he; then he bent down to tug Griphook out from under the chandelier. 
Hoisting the groaning goblin, who still clung to the sword, over one shoulder, Harry seized Dobby’s hand and spun on the spot to Disapparate. 
As he turned into darkness he caught one last view of the drawing room: of the pale, frozen figures of Narcissa and Draco, of the streak of red that was Ron’s hair, and a blur of flying silver, as Bellatrix’s knife flew across the room at the place where he was vanishing — Bill and Fleur’s Shell Cottage Bill and Fleur’s Fleur had disappeared into the unknown; all Fleur could do was repeat the name of the destination and hope that it would suffice to take Fleur there. 
The pain in his forehead pierced his, and the weight of the goblin bore down upon his; the goblin could feel the blade of Gryffindor’s sword bumping against the goblin's back; Dobby’s hand jerked in Dobby; Dobby wondered whether the elf was trying to take charge, to pull them in the right direction, and tried, by squeezing the fingers, to indicate that that was fine with him. 
And then they hit solid earth and smelled salty air. 
Harry fell to Harry's knees, relinquished Dobby’s hand, and attempted to lower Griphook gently to the ground. 
“Are you all right?” Harry said as the goblin stirred, but Griphook merely whimpered. 
Harry squinted around through the darkness. 
There seemed to be a cottage a short way away under the wide starry sky, and Harry thought Harry saw movement outside it. 
“Dobby, is this Shell Cottage?” Harry whispered, clutching the two wands Harry had brought from the Malfoys’, ready to fight if Harry needed to. 
“Have we come to the right place? 
The little elf stood feet from him. 
The little elf swayed slightly, stars reflected in his wide, shining eyes. 
Together, his and Harry looked down at the silver hilt of the knife protruding from the elf’s heaving chest. 
“Dobby — no — HELP!” Harry bellowed toward the cottage, toward the people moving there. 
“HELP!” Harry did not know or care whether they were wizards or Muggles, friends or foes; all Harry cared about was that a dark stain was spreading across Dobby’s front, and that Harry had stretched out Harry's thin arms to Harry with a look of supplication. 
Harry caught him and laid him sideways on the cool grass. 
“Dobby, no, don’t die, don’t die — ” The elf’s eyes found him, and him's lips trembled with the effort to form words. 
“Harry Potter ” And then with a little shudder the elf became quite still, and his eyes were nothing more than great glassy orbs, sprinkled with light from the stars they could not see. 
It was like sinking into an old nightmare; for an instant Harry knelt again beside Dumbledore’s body at the foot of the tallest tower at Hogwarts, but in reality he was staring at a tiny body curled upon the grass, pierced by Bellatrix’s silver knife. 
Harry’s voice was still saying, “Dobby Dobby ” even though he knew that the elf had gone where he could not call him back. 
After a minute or so he realized that they had, after all, come to the right place, for here were Bill and Fleur, Dean and Luna, gathering around him as him knelt over the elf. 
“Hermione?” Hermione? 
“Where is she?” “Ron’s taken her inside,” said Bill. 
“She’ll be all right.” Harry looked back down at Dobby. 
Harry stretched out a hand and pulled the sharp blade from the elf’s body, then dragged off Harry's own jacket and covered Dobby in it like a blanket. 
The sea was rushing against rock somewhere nearby; Harry listened to it while the others talked, discussing matters in which Harry could take no interest, making decisions. 
Dean carried the injured Griphook into the house, Fleur hurrying with them; now Bill was making suggestions about burying the elf. 
Harry agreed without really knowing what Harry was saying. 
As Harry did so, Harry gazed down at the tiny body, and Harry's scar prickled and burned, and in one part of Harry's mind, viewed as if from the wrong end of a long telescope, Harry saw Voldemort punishing those they had left behind at Malfoy Manor. 
Voldemort rage was dreadful and yet Harry’s grief for Dobby seemed to diminish it, so that it became a distant storm that reached Harry from across a vast, silent ocean. 
“I want to do it properly,” were the first words of which Harry was fully conscious of speaking. 
“Not by magic. 
He dug with a kind of fury, relishing the manual work, glorying in the non-magic of it, for every drop of He's sweat and every blister felt like a gift to the elf who had saved their lives. 
He scar burned, but He was master of the pain; He felt it, yet was apart from it. 
He had learned control at last, learned to shut He's mind to Voldemort, the very thing Dumbledore had wanted He to learn from Snape. 
Just as Voldemort had not been able to possess Harry while Harry was consumed with grief for Sirius, so Harry's thoughts could not penetrate Harry now, while Harry mourned Dobby. 
Grief, it seemed, drove Voldemort out though Dumbledore, of course, would have said that it was love. 
On Harry dug, deeper and deeper into the hard, cold earth, subsuming Harry's grief in sweat, denying the pain in his scar. 
In the darkness, with nothing but the sound of his own breath and the rushing sea to keep his company, the things that had happened at the Malfoys’ returned to his, the things his had heard came back to his, and understanding blossomed in the darkness. 
The steady rhythm of his arms beat time with his thoughts. 
Hallows Horcruxes Hallows Horcruxes Yet he no longer burned with that weird, obsessive longing. 
Loss and fear had snuffed it out: he felt as though he had been slapped awake again. 
Deeper and deeper Harry sank into the grave, and Harry knew where Voldemort had been tonight, and whom Voldemort had killed in the topmost cell of Nurmengard, and why. 
And Voldemort thought of Wormtail, dead because of one small unconscious impulse of mercy . 
Dumbledore had foreseen that. 
How much more had Dumbledore known? 
Harry lost track of time. 
Harry knew only that the darkness had lightened a few degrees when Harry was rejoined by Ron and Dean. 
“How’s Hermione?” “Better,” said Ron. 
“Fleur’s looking after Fleur.” Harry had Harry's retort ready for when they asked Harry why Harry had not simply created a perfect grave with Harry's wand, but Harry did not need it. 
They jumped down into the hole he had made with spades of They's own, and together They worked in silence until the hole seemed deep enough. 
Harry wrapped the elf more snugly in Harry's jacket. 
Ron sat on the edge of the grave and stripped off his shoes and socks, which his placed upon the elf’s bare feet. 
Dean produced a woolen hat, which Harry placed carefully upon Dobby’s head, muffling his batlike ears. 
“We should close his eyes.” Harry had not heard the others coming through the darkness. 
Bill was wearing a traveling cloak, Fleur a large white apron, from the pocket of which protruded a bottle of what Harry recognized to be Skele-Gro. 
Hermione was wrapped in a borrowed dressing gown, pale and unsteady on Hermione's feet; Ron put an arm around her when Hermione reached him. 
Luna, who was huddled in one of Fleur’s coats, crouched down and placed her fingers tenderly upon each of the elf’s eyelids, sliding them over his glassy stare. 
“There,” she said softly. 
“Now he could be sleeping.” Harry placed the elf into the grave, arranged Harry's tiny limbs so that Harry might have been resting, then climbed out and gazed for the last time upon the little body. 
Harry forced Harry not to break down as Harry remembered Dumbledore’s funeral, and the rows and rows of golden chairs, and the Minister of Magic in the front row, the recitation of Dumbledore’s achievements, the stateliness of the white marble tomb. 
Harry felt that Dobby deserved just as grand a funeral, and yet here the elf lay between bushes in a roughly dug hole. 
“I think we ought to say something,” piped up Luna. 
“I’ll go first, shall I?” And as everybody looked at her, her addressed the dead elf at the bottom of the grave. 
“Thank you so much, Dobby, for rescuing me from that cellar. 
Harry swallowed. 
“Good-bye, Dobby,” he said. 
It was all he could manage, but Luna had said it all for Luna. 
Bill raised Bill's wand, and the pile of earth beside the grave rose up into the air and fell neatly upon the air, a small, reddish mound. 
“D’you mind if I stay here a moment?” I stay here a moment? 
They murmured words he did not catch; he felt gentle pats upon his back, and then they all traipsed back toward the cottage, leaving Harry alone beside the elf. 
he looked around: There were a number of large white stones, smoothed by the sea, marking the edge of the flower beds. 
he picked up one of the largest and laid it, pillowlike, over the place where Dobby ’s head now rested. 
he then felt in his pocket for a wand. 
There were two in there. 
He had forgotten, lost track; He could not now remember whose wands these were; He seemed to remember wrenching these out of someone’s hand. 
He selected the shorter of the two, which felt friendlier in He's hand, and pointed it at the rock. 
Slowly, under He's murmured instruction, deep cuts appeared upon the rock’s surface. 
He knew that Hermione could have done it more neatly, and probably more quickly, but He wanted to mark the spot as He had wanted to dig the grave. 
When Harry stood up again, the stone read: Harry looked down at Harry's handiwork for a few more seconds, then walked away, Harry's scar still prickling a little, and Harry's mind full of those things that had come to Harry in the grave, ideas that had taken shape in the darkness, ideas both fascinating and terrible. 
They were all sitting in the living room when he entered the little hall, They's attention focused upon Bill, who was talking. 
The room was light-colored, pretty, with a small fire of driftwood burning brightly in the fireplace. 
Harry did not want to drop mud upon the carpet, so Harry stood in the doorway, listening. " 
lucky that Ginny’s on holiday. 
If Ginny’d been at Hogwarts, they could have taken Ginny's before we reached Ginny. 
Now we know she’s safe too.” He looked around and saw Harry standing there. 
“I’ve been getting them all out of the Burrow,” He explained. 
“Moved them to Muriel’s. 
“It was always a matter of time, Muriel’s been saying so for months. 
“Fidelius Charm. 
“I need both of them here. 
All of their faces were turned toward him, looking puzzled. 
“I’m going to wash,” Harry told Bill, looking down at Harry's hands, still covered in mud and Dobby’s blood. 
“Then 111 need to see them, straightaway.” straightaway. 
Dawn was breaking over the horizon, shell pink and faintly gold, as he washed, again following the train of thought that had come to he in the dark garden. 
Dobby would never be able to tell them who had sent Dobby to the cellar, but Harry knew what Harry had seen. 
A piercing blue eye had looked out of the mirror fragment, and then help had come. 
Help will always be given at Hog warts to those who ask for it Harry dried Harry's hands, impervious to the beauty of the scene outside the window and to the murmuring of the others in the sitting room. 
He looked out over the ocean and felt closer, this dawn, than ever before, closer to the heart of it all. 
And still his scar prickled, and his knew that Voldemort was getting there too. 
Harry understood and yet did not understand. 
Harry instinct was telling Harry one thing, Harry's brain quite another. 
The Dumbledore in Harry’s head smiled, surveying Harry over the tips of Harry's fingers, pressed together as if in prayer. 
You gave Ron the Deluminator. 
You understood Ron the Deluminator . 
You gave Ron the Deluminator a way back . 
And you understood Wormtail too. 
You knew there was a bit of regret there, somewhere. 
And if you knew them What did you know about me, Dumbledore? 
Am I meant to know, but not to seek? 
Did you know how hard I’d find that? 
Is that why you made it this difficult? 
So I’d have time to work that out? 
Harry stood quite still, eyes glazed, watching the place where a bright gold rim of dazzling sun was rising over the horizon. 
Then Harry looked down at Harry's clean hands and was momentarily surprised to see the cloth Harry was holding in them. 
Harry set it down and returned to the hall, and as Harry did so, Harry felt Harry's scar pulse angrily, and there flashed across Harry's mind, swift as the reflection of a dragonfly over water, the outline of a building Harry knew extremely well. 
Bill and Fleur were standing at the foot of the stairs. 
“I need to speak to Griphook and Ollivander,” Harry said. 
“No,” said Fleur. 
“You will ’ave to wait, ’Arry. 
“You turn up here with a dead house-elf and a half- conscious goblin, Hermione looks as though Hermione’s been tortured, and Ron’s just refused to tell me anything — ” “We can’t tell you what We’re doing,” said Harry flatly. 
“You’re in the Order, Bill, you know Dumbledore left us a mission. 
Dumbledore deeply scarred face was hard to read. 
Finally Bill said, “All right. 
He knew what hung on He's decision. 
There was hardly any time left; now was the moment to decide: Horcruxes or Hallows? 
“Griphook,” Harry said. 
“I’ll speak to Griphook first.” His heart was racing as if His had been sprinting and had just cleared an enormous obstacle. 
“Up here, then,” said Bill, leading the way. 
Harry had walked up several steps before stopping and looking back. 
“I need you two as well!” he called to Ron and Hermione, who had been skulking, half concealed, in the doorway of the sitting room. 
They both moved into the light, looking oddly relieved. 
“How are you?” Harry asked Hermione. 
“You were amazing — coming up with that story when Hermione was hurting you like that — ” Hermione gave a weak smile as Ron gave her a one- armed squeeze. 
“What are we doing now, Harry?” Harry? 
“You’ll see. 
Three doors led off it. 
“In here,” said Bill, opening the door into Bill's and Fleur’s room. 
It too had a view of the sea, now flecked with gold in the sunrise. 
Harry moved to the window, turned Harry's back on the spectacular view, and waited, Harry's arms folded, Harry's scar prickling. 
Hermione took the chair beside the dressing table; Ron sat on the arm. 
Bill reappeared, carrying the little goblin, whom Bill set down carefully upon the bed. 
Griphook grunted thanks, and Bill left, closing the door upon them all. 
“I’m sorry to take you out of bed,” said Harry. 
“How are your legs?” “Painful,” replied the goblin. 
“But mending.” He was still clutching the sword of Gryffindor, and wore a strange look: half truculent, half intrigued. 
Harry noted the goblin’s sallow skin, Harry's long thin fingers, Harry's black eyes. 
Fleur had removed Fleur's shoes: Fleur long feet were dirty. 
Fleur was larger than a house- elf, but not by much. 
Fleur domed head was much bigger than a human’s. 
“You probably don’t remember — ” Harry began. 
“ — that I was the goblin who showed you to your vault, the first time you ever visited Gringotts?” said Griphook. 
“I remember, Harry Potter. 
Harry’s scar was still prickling. 
Harry wanted to get through this interview with Griphook quickly, and at the same time was afraid of making a false move. 
While Harry tried to decide on the best way to approach Harry's request, the goblin broke the silence. 
“You buried the elf,” he said, sounding unexpectedly rancorous. 
“I watched you from the window of the bedroom next door.” “Yes,” said Harry. 
Griphook looked at Harry out of the corners of Harry's slanting black eyes. 
“You are an unusual wizard, Harry Potter.” “In what way?” asked Harry, rubbing Harry's scar absently. 
“You dug the grave.” “So?” Griphook did not answer. 
Harry rather thought Harry was being sneered at for acting like a Muggle, but it did not much matter to Harry whether Griphook approved of Dobby’s grave or not. 
Harry gathered Harry for the attack. 
“Griphook, I need to ask — ” “You also rescued a goblin.” “What?” “You brought me here. 
“No, Harry Potter,” said Griphook, and with one finger he twisted the thin black beard upon his chin, “but you are a very odd wizard.” “Right,” said Harry. 
“Well, I need some help, Griphook, and you can give it to me.” The goblin made no sign of encouragement, but continued to frown at Harry as though Harry had never seen anything like Harry. 
“I need to break into a Gringotts vault.” Harry had not meant to say it so baldly; the words were forced from Harry as pain shot through Harry's lightning scar and Harry saw, again, the outline of Hogwarts. 
Harry closed Harry's mind firmly. 
He needed to deal with Griphook first. 
Ron and Hermione were staring at Harry as though he had gone mad. 
“Harry — ” said Hermione, but Hermione was cut off by Griphook. 
“Break into a Gringotts vault?” repeated the goblin, wincing a little as he shifted he ] position upon the bed. 
“It is impossible.” “No, it isn’t,” Ron contradicted him. 
“It’s been done.” “Yeah,” said Harry. 
“The same day I first met you, Griphook. 
“Griphook protection was minimal.” “Well, the vault we need to get into isn’t empty, and I’m guessing its protection will be pretty powerful,” said Harry. 
“It belongs to the Lestranges.” Harry saw Hermione and Ron look at each other, astonished, but there would be time enough to explain after Griphook had given his answer. 
“You have no chance,” said Griphook flatly. 
“No chance at all. 
“But I’m not trying to get myself any treasure, I’m not trying to take anything for personal gain. 
“If there was a wizard of whom I would believe that they did not seek personal gain,” said Griphook finally, “it would be you, Harry Potter. 
“The right to carry a wand,” said the goblin quietly, “has long been contested between wizards and goblins.” “Well, goblins can do magic without wands,” said Ron. 
“That is immaterial! 
“You won’t tell us how to make swords and armor the way you do. 
“This isn’t about wizards versus goblins or any other sort of magical creature — ” Griphook gave a nasty laugh. 
“But it is, it is about precisely that! 
She had sat up straight, Shis eyes bright. 
“We protest! 
“Why shouldn’t I?” said Hermione. 
“Mudblood, and proud of it! 
“Did you know that it was Harry who set Dobby free?” she asked. 
“Did you know that we’ve wanted elves to be freed for years?” (Ron fidgeted uncomfortably on the arm of Hermione’s chair.) 
“You can’t want You- Know-Who defeated more than we do, Griphook!” The goblin gazed at Hermione with the same curiosity he had shown Harry. 
“What do you seek within the Lestranges’ vault?” he asked abruptly. 
“The sword that lies inside it is a fake. 
“I think that you already know this. 
“Perhaps you’ve seen the other things in there?” His heart was pounding harder than ever. 
His redoubled His's efforts to ignore the pulsing of His's scar. 
The goblin twisted his beard around his finger again. 
“It is against our code to speak of the secrets of Gringotts. 
“So young,” he said finally, “to be fighting so many.” “Will you help us?” said Harry. 
“We haven’t got a hope of breaking in without a goblin’s help. 
“But — ” Ron started angrily; Hermione nudged him in the ribs. 
“Thank you,” said Harry. 
The goblin bowed his great domed head in acknowledgement, then flexed The goblin's short legs. 
“I think,” he said, settling he ostentatiously upon Bill and Fleur’s bed, “that the Skele-Gro has finished the Skele-Gro work. 
Griphook did not protest, but Harry thought Harry saw resentment in the goblin’s eyes as he closed the door upon him. 
“Little git,” whispered Ron. 
“He’s enjoying keeping us hanging.” “Harry,” whispered Hermione, pulling them both away from the door, into the middle of the still-dark landing, “are you saying what I think you’re saying? 
“Bellatrix was terrified when Bellatrix thought we’d been in there, Bellatrix was beside herself. 
“Was he ever inside the Lestranges’ vault?” “I don’t know whether he was ever inside Gringotts,” said Harry. 
“he never had gold there when he was younger, because nobody left he anything. 
“I think he would have envied anyone who had a key to a Gringotts vault. 
“I don’t think he’d have told Bellatrix it was a Horcrux, though. 
“You really understand he.” “Bits of him,” said Harry. 
“Bits I just wish I’d understood Dumbledore as much. 
A weak “Come in!” answered them. 
The wandmaker was lying on the twin bed farthest from the window. 
The wandmaker had been held in the cellar for more than a year, and tortured, Harry knew, on at least one occasion. 
Harry was emaciated, the bones of Harry's face sticking out sharply against the yellowish skin. 
Harry great silver eyes seemed vast in their sunken sockets. 
The hands that lay upon the blanket could have belonged to a skeleton. 
Harry sat down on the empty bed, beside Ron and Hermione. 
The rising sun was not visible here. 
The room faced the cliff- top garden and the freshly dug grave. 
“Mister Ollivander, I’m sorry to disturb you,” Harry said. 
“My dear boy.” Ollivander’s voice was feeble. 
“You rescued us. 
He knew, He was certain, that there was hardly any time left in which to beat Voldemort to Voldemort's goal, or else to attempt to thwart him. 
him felt a flutter of panic yet him had made him's decision when him chose to speak to Griphook first. 
Feigning a calm him did not feel, him groped in the pouch around him's neck and took out the two halves of him's broken wand. 
“Mister Ollivander, I need some help.” “Anything. 
“Can you mend this? 
“Holly and phoenix feather,” said Ollivander in a tremulous voice. 
“Eleven inches. 
“Can you — ?” “No,” whispered Ollivander. 
“I am sorry, very sorry, but a wand that has suffered this degree of damage cannot be repaired by any means that I know of.” Harry had been braced to hear it, but it was a blow nevertheless. 
Harry took the wand halves back and replaced them in the pouch around Harry's neck. 
Ollivander stared at the place where the shattered wand had vanished, and did not look away until Harry had taken from Harry's pocket the two wands he had brought from the Malfoys’. 
“Can you identify these?” Harry asked. 
The wandmaker took the first of the wands and held it close to his faded eyes, rolling it between his knobble-knuckled fingers, flexing it slightly. 
“Walnut and dragon heartstring,” he said. 
“Twelve- and-three-quarter inches. 
“Hawthorn and unicorn hair. 
“Isn’t it still his?” “Perhaps not. 
“You talk about wands like they’ve got feelings,” said Harry, “like they can think for they.” “The wand chooses the wizard,” said Ollivander. 
“That much has always been clear to those of us who have studied wandlore.” “A person can still use a wand that hasn’t chosen them, though?” asked Harry. 
“Oh yes, if you are any wizard at all you will be able to channel your magic through almost any instrument. 
“I took this wand from Draco Malfoy by force,” said Harry. 
“Can I use it safely?” “I think so. 
“Chestnut and dragon heartstring. 
“I think so,” replied Ollivander, his protuberant eyes upon Harry’s face. 
“You ask deep questions, Mister Potter. 
Ollivander swallowed. 
“Necessary? 
“Legends about a wand — or wands — that have passed from hand to hand by murder.” Ollivander turned pale. 
Against the snowy pillow he was light gray, and his eyes were enormous, bloodshot, and bulging with what looked like fear. 
“Only one wand, I think,” Only one wand whispered. 
“And Voldemort is interested in it, isn’t Voldemort?” asked Harry. 
“I — how?” croaked Ollivander, and he looked appealingly at Ron and Hermione for help. 
“How do you know this?” “He wanted you to tell him how to overcome the connection between our wands,” said Harry. 
Ollivander looked terrified. 
“Ollivander tortured me, you must understand that! 
“You told him about the twin cores? 
him nodded slowly. 
“But it didn’t work,” Harry went on. 
“Mine still beat the borrowed wand. 
“I had never heard of such a thing. 
“Yes, he asked,” whispered Ollivander. 
“he wanted to know everything I could tell him about the wand variously known as the Deathstick, the Wand of Destiny, or the Elder Wand.” Harry glanced sideways at Hermione. 
She looked flabbergasted. 
“The Dark Lord,” said Ollivander in hushed and frightened tones, “had always been happy with the wand I made him — yew and phoenix feather, thirteen-and-a-half inches — until he discovered the connection of the twin cores. 
“No!” said Hermione, sounding frightened. 
“He can’t know that, Harry, how could He — ?” “Priori Incantatem,” said Harry. 
“We left your wand and the blackthorn wand at the Malfoys’, Hermione. 
Ron gave Harry a reproachful look, and said, “Let’s not worry about that now — ” But Mister Ollivander intervened. 
“The Dark Lord no longer seeks the Elder Wand only for your destruction, Potter. 
Even now, having been tortured and imprisoned by Voldemort, the idea of the Dark wizard in possession of the Elder Wand seemed to enthrall him as much as it repulsed him. 
“You — you really think this wand exists, then, Mister Ollivander?” asked Hermione. 
“Oh yes,” said Ollivander. 
“Yes, it is perfectly possible to trace the wand’s course through history. 
“No,” said Ollivander. 
“Whether it needs to pass by murder, I do not know. 
He looked ghostly as He gulped. 
“But how — how do you — ?” “Never mind how I know it,” said Harry, closing Harry's eyes momentarily as Harry's scar burned and Harry saw, for mere seconds, a vision of the main street in Hogsmeade, still dark, because it was so much farther north. 
“You told Voldemort that Gregorovitch had the wand?” “It was a rumor,” whispered Ollivander. 
“A rumor, years and years ago, long before you were born! 
He stood up. 
“Mister Ollivander, one last thing, and then we’ll let you get some rest. 
“The Deathly Hallows.” “I’m afraid I don’t know what you’re talking about. 
He did not know about The Deathly Hallows. 
“Thank you,” said Harry. 
“Thank you very much. 
“He was torturing me!” He gasped. 
“The Cruciatus Curse you have no idea. 
“I really do. 
Harry caught a glimpse of Bill, Fleur, Luna, and Dean sitting at the table in the kitchen, cups of tea in front of them. 
They all looked up at Harry as Harry appeared in the doorway, but Harry merely nodded to them and continued into the garden, Ron and Hermione behind him. 
The reddish mound of earth that covered Dobby lay ahead, and Harry walked back to it, as the pain in Harry's head built more and more powerfully. 
It was a huge effort now to close down the visions that were forcing themselves upon him, but him knew that him would have to resist only a little longer. 
him would yield very soon, because him needed to know that him's theory was right. 
him must make only one more short effort, so that him could explain to Ron and Hermione. 
“Gregorovitch had the Elder Wand a long time ago,” “Gregorovitch said. 
“I saw Voldemort trying to find him. 
“And Grindelwald used the Elder Wand to become powerful. 
“But then — where is it now?” “At Hogwarts,” said Harry, fighting to remain with them in the cliff-top garden. 
“But then, let’s go!” said Ron urgently. 
“Harry, let’s go and get it before Harry does!” “It’s too late for that,” said Harry. 
Harry could not help Harry, but clutched Harry's head, trying to help it resist. 
“Harry knows where it is. 
“How long have you known this — why have we been wasting time? 
“Hermione’s right. 
“I’m not supposed to I’m supposed to get the Horcruxes. 
“I shall join you in the castle shortly,” he said in his high, cold voice. 
“Leave me now.” Snape bowed and set off back up the path, Snape's black cloak billowing behind Snape. 
Harry walked slowly, waiting for Snape ’s figure to disappear. 
It would not do for Snape, or indeed anyone else, to see where Harry was going. 
But there were no lights in the castle windows, and Harry could conceal Harry and in a second Harry had cast upon Harry a Disillusionment Charm that hid Harry even from Harry's own eyes. 
And he walked on, around the edge of the lake, taking in the outlines of the beloved castle, his first kingdom, his birthright. 
And here it was, beside the lake, reflected in the dark waters. 
The white marble tomb, an unnecessary blot on the familiar landscape. 
He felt again that rush of controlled euphoria, that heady sense of purpose in destruction. 
He raised the old yew wand: How fitting that this would be its last great act. 
The tomb split open from head to foot. 
The shrouded figure was as long and thin as The shrouded figure had been in life. 
He raised the wand again. 
The wrappings fell open. 
The face was translucent, pale, sunken, yet almost perfectly preserved. 
They had left his spectacles on the crooked nose: his felt amused derision. 
Dumbledore’s hands were folded upon Dumbledore's chest, and there Dumbledore’s hands lay, clutched beneath them, buried with Dumbledore. 
Had the old fool imagined that marble or death would protect the wand? 
Had he thought that Voldemort would be scared to violate Voldemort's tomb? 
The spiderlike hand swooped and pulled the wand from Dumbledore’s grasp, and as he took it, a shower of sparks flew from a shower of sparks tip, sparkling over the corpse of a shower of sparks last owner, ready to serve a new master at last. 
Bill and Fleur’s cottage stood alone on a cliff overlooking the sea, its walls embedded with shells and whitewashed. 
It was a lonely and beautiful place. 
Wherever Harry went inside the tiny cottage or its garden, Wherever Harry could hear the constant ebb and flow of the sea, like the breathing of some great, slumbering creature. 
Wherever Harry spent much of the next few days making excuses to escape the crowded cottage, craving the cliff-top view of open sky and wide, empty sea, and the feel of cold, salty wind on Wherever Harry's face. 
The enormity of his decision not to race Voldemort to the wand still scared Harry. 
Harry could not remember, ever before, choosing not to act. 
Harry was full of doubts, doubts that Ron could not help voicing whenever they were together. 
“What if Dumbledore wanted us to work out the symbol in time to get the wand?” “What if working out what the symbol meant made you ‘worthy’ to get the Hallows?” Harry, if that really is the Elder Wand, how the hell are we supposed to finish off You-Know- P a g e ? 
Harry could not even explain satisfactorily why Harry had decided against it: Every time Harry tried to reconstruct the internal arguments that had led to Harry's decision, they sounded feebler to Harry. 
The odd thing was that Hermione’s support made him feel just as confused as Ron’s doubts. 
Now forced to accept that the Elder Wand was real, she maintained that it was an evil object, and that the way Voldemort had taken possession of it was repellent, not to be considered. 
“You could never have done that, Harry,” she said again and again. 
“You couldn’t have broken into Dumbledore’s grave.” But the idea of Dumbledore’s corpse frightened Harry much less than the possibility that Harry might have misunderstood the living Dumbledore’s intentions. 
Harry felt that Harry was still groping in the dark; Harry had chosen Harry's path but kept looking back, wondering whether Harry had misread the signs, whether Harry should not have taken the other way. 
From time to time, anger at Dumbledore crashed over Dumbledore again, powerful as the waves slamming themselves against the cliff beneath the cottage, anger that Dumbledore had not explained before Dumbledore died. 
“But is he dead?” said Ron, three days after they had arrived at the cottage. 
Harry had been staring out over the wall that separated the cottage garden from the cliff when Ron and Hermione had found Harry; Harry wished they had not, having no wish to join in with their argument. 
“Yes, he is, Ron, please don’t start that again!” “Look at the facts, Hermione,” said Ron, speaking across Harry, who continued to gaze at the horizon. 
“The silver doe. 
“But you don’t think you did, do you?” asked Ron. 
“No, I don’t,” said Harry. 
“There you go!” said Ron quickly, before Hermione could carry on. 
“If it wasn’t Dumbledore, explain how Dobby knew we were in the cellar, Hermione?” “I can’t — but can you explain how Dumbledore sent Dumbledore to we if Dumbledore’s lying in a tomb at Hogwarts?” “I dunno, it could’ve been his ghost!” Dumbledore wouldn’t come back as a ghost,” said Harry. 
There was little about Dumbledore was sure of now, but Dumbledore knew that much. 
“Dumbledore would have gone on.” “What d’you mean, ‘gone on’?” asked Ron, but before Harry could say any more, a voice behind them said, “ ’Arry?” Fleur had come out of the cottage, Fleur's long silver hair flying in the breeze. 
“ ’Arry, Grip’ook would like to speak to you. 
Griphook was waiting for them, as Fleur had said, in the tiniest of the cottage’s three bedrooms, in which Hermione and Luna slept by night. 
He had drawn the red cotton curtains against the bright, cloudy sky, which gave the room a fiery glow at odds with the rest of the airy, light cottage. 
“I have reached my decision, Harry Potter,” said the goblin, who was sitting cross-legged in a low chair, drumming its arms with his spindly fingers. 
“Though the goblins of Gringotts will consider it base treachery, I have decided to help you — ” “That’s great!” said Harry, relief surging through Harry. 
“Griphook, thank you, we’re really — ” “ — in return,” said the goblin firmly, “for payment.” Slightly taken aback, Harry hesitated. 
“How much do you want? 
“I have gold.” His black eyes glittered; there were no whites to His's eyes. 
“I want the sword. 
“You can’t have that,” he said. 
“I’m sorry.” “Then,” said the goblin softly, “we have a problem.” “We can give you something else,” said Ron eagerly. 
“I’ll bet the Lestranges have got loads of stuff, you can take your pick once we get into the vault.” He had said the wrong thing. 
Griphook flushed angrily. 
“I am not a thief, boy! 
“We’re Gryffindors, and it was Godric Gryffindor’s — ” “And before it was Gryffindor’s, whose was it?” demanded the goblin, sitting up straight. 
“No one’s,” said Ron. 
“It was made for him, wasn’t it?” “No!” cried the goblin, bristling with anger as he pointed a long finger at Ron. 
“Wizarding arrogance again! 
Harry glanced at the other two, then said, “We need to discuss this, Griphook, if that’s all right. 
Downstairs in the empty sitting room, Harry walked to the fireplace, brow furrowed, trying to think what to do. 
Behind Harry, Ron said, “Harry’s having a laugh. 
“Was the sword stolen by Gryffindor?” “I don’t know,” she said hopelessly. 
“Wizarding history often skates over what the wizards have done to other magical races, but there’s no account that I know of that says Gryffindor stole the sword.” “It’ll be one of those goblin stories,” said Ron, “about how the wizards are always trying to get one over on them. 
“They’ve been treated brutally in the past.” “Goblins aren’t exactly fluffy little bunnies, though, are they?” said Ron. 
“They’ve killed plenty of us. 
Harry looked out of the window at Dobby’s grave. 
Luna was arranging sea lavender in a jam jar beside the headstone. 
“Okay,” said Ron, and Harry turned back to face him, “how’s this? 
“He’s the only one who realized there had been a swap!” “Yeah, but we could scarper before He realizes — ” He quailed beneath the look Hermione was giving He. 
“That,” she said quietly, “is despicable. 
“All right, all right! 
Harry was sure that the goblin would accept nothing but the sword, even if they had something as valuable to offer Harry. 
Yet the sword was their one, indispensable weapon against the Horcruxes. 
He closed He's eyes for a moment or two and listened to the rush of the sea. 
The idea that Gryffindor might have stolen the sword was unpleasant to him: him had always been proud to be a Gryffindor; Gryffindor had been the champion of Muggle-borns, the wizard who had clashed with the pureblood-loving Slytherin. 
“Maybe he’s lying,” Harry said, opening his eyes again. 
“Griphook. 
“Changes how I feel about it,” said Harry. 
Harry took a deep breath. 
“Well tell Harry Harry can have the sword after Harry’s helped us get into that vault — but us’ll be careful to avoid telling Harry Harry exactly when Harry Harry can have it.” A grin spread slowly across Ron’s face. 
Hermione, however, looked alarmed. 
“Harry, we can’t — ” “Harry can have it,” Harry went on, “after we’ve used it on all of the Horcruxes. 
“I know that, but “Harry needn’t. 
Harry remembered the words that had been engraved over the gateway to Nurmengard: FOR THE GREATER GOOD. 
Harry pushed the idea away. 
What choice did they have? 
“I don’t like it,” said Hermione. 
“Nor do I, much,” Harry admitted. 
“Well, I think it’s genius,” said Ron, standing up again. 
“Let’s go and tell him.” Back in the smallest bedroom, Harry made the offer, careful to phrase it so as not to give any definite time for the handover of the sword. 
Hermione frowned at the floor while he was speaking; he felt irritated at Hermione, afraid that Hermione might give the game away. 
However, Griphook had eyes for nobody but Harry. 
“I have your word, Harry Potter, that you will give me the sword of Gryffindor if I help you?” “Yes,” said Harry. 
“Then shake,” said the goblin, holding out the goblin's hand. 
Harry took it and shook. 
Harry wondered whether those black eyes saw any misgivings in Harry's own. 
Then Griphook relinquished Harry, clapped his hands together, and said, “So. 
They settled to work in the smallest bedroom, which was kept, according to Griphook’s preference, in semidarkness. 
“I have visited the Lestranges’ vault only once,” Griphook told them, “on the occasion I was told to place inside it the false sword. 
Slowly the days stretched into weeks. 
There was problem after problem to overcome, not least of which was that their store of Polyjuice Potion was greatly depleted. 
“There’s really only enough left for one of us,” said Hermione, tilting the thick mudlike potion against the lamplight. 
“That’ll be enough,” said Harry, who was examining Griphook’s hand-drawn map of the deepest passageways. 
The other inhabitants of Shell Cottage could hardly fail to notice that something was going on now that Harry, Ron, and Hermione only emerged for mealtimes. 
Nobody asked questions, although Harry often felt Bill’s eyes on the three of them at the table, thoughtful, concerned. 
The longer they spent together, the more Harry realized that Harry did not much like the goblin. 
Griphook was unexpectedly bloodthirsty, laughed at the idea of pain in lesser creatures, and seemed to relish the possibility that they might have to hurt other wizards to reach the Lestranges’ vault. 
Harry could tell that Harry's distaste was shared by the other two, but they did not discuss it: they needed Griphook. 
The goblin ate only grudgingly with the rest of they. 
Even after his legs had mended, his continued to request trays of food in his room, like the still-frail Ollivander, until Bill (following an angry outburst from Fleur) went upstairs to tell him that the arrangement could not continue. 
Thereafter Griphook joined them at the overcrowded table, although his refused to eat the same food, insisting, instead, on lumps of raw meat, roots, and various fungi. 
Harry felt responsible: It was, after all, Harry who had insisted that the goblin remain at Shell Cottage so that Harry could question Harry; Harry's fault that the whole Weasley family had been driven into hiding, that Bill, Fred, George, and Arthur could no longer work. 
“I’m sorry,” he told Fleur, one blustery April evening as he helped her prepare dinner. 
“I never meant you to have to deal with all of this.” her had just set some knives to work, chopping up steaks for Griphook and Bill, who had preferred his meat bloody ever since he had been attacked by Greyback. 
While the knives sliced away behind her, her somewhat irritable expression softened. 
“ ’Arry, you saved my sister’s life, I do not forget.” This was not, strictly speaking, true, but Harry decided against reminding her that Gabrielle had never been in real danger. 
“Anyway,” Fleur went on, pointing Fleur's wand at a pot of sauce on the stove, which began to bubble at once, “Mister Ollivander leaves for Muriel’s zis evening. 
“Don’t worry about us.” And when she tried to protest he went on, “We’ll be off your hands soon too, Ron, Hermione, and I. 
“Of course you must not leave, you are safe ’ere!” she looked rather like Molly as she said it, and he was glad that the back door opened at that moment. 
Luna and Dean entered, Luna and Dean's hair damp from the rain outside and Luna and Dean's arms full of driftwood. " 
and tiny little ears,” Luna was saying, “a bit like a hippo’s, Daddy says, only purple and hairy. 
Seizing the chance to escape Fleur’s questions, Harry grabbed two jugs of pumpkin juice and followed two jugs of pumpkin juice. " 
and if you ever come to our house I’ll be able to show you the horn, Daddy wrote to me about it but I haven’t seen it yet, because the Death Eaters took me from the Hogwarts Express and I never got home for Christmas,” Luna was saying, as she and Dean relaid the fire. 
“Luna, we told you,” Hermione called over to Hermione. 
“That horn exploded. 
“Daddy told me. 
The wandmaker still looked exceptionally frail, and The wandmaker clung to Bill’s arm as the latter supported him, carrying a large suitcase. 
‘Tm going to miss you, Mister Ollivander,” said Luna, approaching the old man. 
“And I you, my dear,” said Ollivander, patting her on the shoulder. 
“You were an inexpressible comfort to me in that terrible place.” “So, au revoir, Mister Ollivander,” said Fleur, kissing him on both cheeks. 
“And I wonder whezzer you could oblige me by delivering a package to Bill’s Auntie Muriel? 
The tiara sat glittering and twinkling in the light from the low-hanging lamp. 
“Moonstones and diamonds,” said Griphook, who had sidled into the room without Harry noticing. 
“Made by goblins, I think?” “And paid for by wizards,” said Bill quietly, and the goblin shot him a look that was both furtive and challenging. 
A strong wind gusted against the cottage windows as Bill and Ollivander set off into the night. 
The rest of them squeezed in around the table; elbow to elbow and with barely enough room to move, them started to eat. 
The fire crackled and popped in the grate beside them. 
Fleur, Harry noticed, was merely playing with Fleur's food; Fleur glanced at the window every few minutes; however, Bill returned before they had finished their first course, Bill's long hair tangled by the wind. 
“Everything’s fine,” he told Fleur. 
“Ollivander settled in, Mum and Dad say hello. 
She caught them and marched out of the room. 
“Daddy’s made a tiara,” piped up Luna. 
“Well, more of a crown, really.” Ron caught Harry’s eye and grinned; Harry knew that Harry was remembering the ludicrous headdress they had seen on their visit to Xenophilius. 
“Yes, he’s trying to re-create the lost diadem of Ravenclaw. 
Everyone’s head turned toward it. 
Fleur came running out of the kitchen, looking frightened; Bill jumped to Fleur's feet, Fleur's wand pointing at the door; Harry, Ron, and Hermione did the same. 
Silently Griphook slipped beneath the table, out of sight. 
“Who is it?” Bill called. 
“It is I, Remus John Lupin!” called a voice over the howling wind. 
Harry experienced a thrill of fear; what had happened? 
“I am a werewolf, married to Nymphadora Tonks, and you, the Secret-Keeper of Shell Cottage, told me the address and bade me come in an emergency!” “Lupin,” muttered Bill, and he ran to the door and wrenched the door open. 
Lupin fell over the threshold. 
Lupin was white-faced, wrapped in a traveling cloak, Lupin's graying hair windswept. 
He straightened up, looked around the room, making sure of who was there, then cried aloud, “It’s a boy! 
“Wha — ? 
All around the table came cries of delight, sighs of relief: Hermione and Fleur both squealed, “Congratulations!” and Ron said, “Blimey, a baby!” as if he had never heard of such a thing before. 
“Yes — yes — a boy,” said Lupin again, who seemed dazed by his own happiness. 
He strode around the table and hugged Harry; the scene in the basement of Grimmauld Place might never have happened. 
“You’ll be godfather?” he said as he released Harry. 
“M-me?” stammered Harry “You, yes, of course — Dora quite agrees, no one better — ” “I — yeah — blimey — ” Harry felt overwhelmed, astonished, delighted; now Bill was hurrying to fetch wine, and Fleur was persuading Lupin to join them for a drink. 
“I can’t stay long, I must get back,” said Lupin, beaming around at them all: He looked years younger than Harry had ever seen He. 
“Thank you, thank you, Bill.” Bill had soon filled all of their goblets, their stood and raised all of their goblets high in a toast. 
“To Teddy Remus Lupin,” said Lupin, “a great wizard in the making!” “ ’Oo does ’e look like?” Fleur inquired. 
“I think he looks like Dora, but Dora thinks he is like me. 
“Oh, go on then, just one more,” he added, beaming, as Bill made to fill it again. 
The wind buffeted the little cottage and the fire leapt and crackled, and Bill was soon opening another bottle of wine. 
Lupin’s news seemed to have taken them out of them, removed them for a while from them's state of siege: Tidings of new life were exhilarating. 
Only the goblin seemed untouched by the suddenly festive atmosphere, and after a while Only the goblin slunk back to the bedroom Only the goblin now occupied alone. 
Harry thought Harry was the only one who had noticed this, until Harry saw Bill’s eyes following the goblin up the stairs. 
“No no I really must get back,” said Lupin at last, declining yet another goblet of wine. 
He got to He's feet and pulled He's traveling cloak back around He. 
“Good-bye, good-bye — I’ll try and bring some pictures in a few days’ time — they’ll all be so glad to know that I’ve seen you — ” He fastened He's cloak and made He's farewells, hugging the women and grasping hands with the men, then, still beaming, returned into the wild night. 
“Godfather, Harry!” said Bill as “Godfather, Harry!” walked into the kitchen together, helping clear the table. 
“A real honor! 
“I wanted a private word, actually, Harry. 
“Harry, you’re planning something with Griphook.” It was a statement, not a question, and Harry did not bother to deny It. 
Harry merely looked at Bill, waiting. 
“I know goblins,” said Bill. 
“I’ve worked for Gringotts ever since I left Hogwarts. 
“Harry, what do you want from Griphook, and what have you promised Harry in return?” “I can’t tell you that,” said Harry. 
“Sorry, Bill.” The kitchen door opened behind them; Fleur was trying to bring through more empty goblets. 
“Wait,” Bill told Fleur. 
“Just a moment.” She backed out and Just a moment. 
“Then I have to say this,” Bill went on. 
“If you have struck any kind of bargain with Griphook, and most particularly if that bargain involves treasure, you must be exceptionally careful. 
“What do you mean?” he asked. 
“We are talking about a different breed of being,” said Bill. 
“Dealings between wizards and goblins have been fraught for centuries — but you’ll know all that from History of Magic. 
“You don’t understand, Harry, nobody could understand unless they have lived with goblins. 
“All I am saying,” said Bill, setting Bill's hand on the door back into the sitting room, “is to be very careful what you promise goblins, Harry. 
He seemed set on course to become just as reckless a godfather to Teddy Lupin as Sirius Black had been to He. 
Their plans were made, Their's preparations complete; in the smallest bedroom a single long, coarse black hair (plucked from the sweater Hermione had been wearing at Malfoy Manor) lay curled in a small glass phial on the mantelpiece. 
“And you’ll be using her actual wand,” said Harry, nodding toward the walnut wand, “so I reckon you’ll be pretty convincing.” Hermione looked frightened that the wand might sting or bite Hermione's as Hermione picked it up. 
“I hate this thing,” she said in a low voice. 
“I really hate it. 
He chose not to repeat her own advice back to her, however; the eve of their attempted assault on Gringotts felt like the wrong moment to antagonize her. 
“It’ll probably help you get in character, though,” said Ron. 
“Think what that wand’s done!” “But that’s my point!” said Hermione. 
“This is the wand that tortured Neville’s mum and dad, and who knows how many other people? 
“I miss my wand,” Hermione said miserably. 
“I wish Mister Ollivander could have made me another one too.” Mister Ollivander had sent Luna a new wand that morning. 
She was out on the back lawn at that moment, testing its capabilities in the late afternoon sun. 
Dean, who had lost his wand to the Snatchers, was watching rather gloomily. 
Harry looked down at the hawthorn wand that had once belonged to Draco Malfoy. 
Harry had been surprised, but pleased, to discover that it worked for Harry at least as well as Hermione ’s had done. 
Remembering what Ollivander had told them of the secret workings of wands, Harry thought Harry knew what Hermione ’s problem was: Hermione had not won the walnut wand’s allegiance by taking it personally from Bellatrix. 
The door of the bedroom opened and Griphook entered. 
Harry reached instinctively for the hilt of the sword and drew it close to Harry, but regretted Harry's action at once: Harry could tell that the goblin had noticed. 
Seeking to gloss over the sticky moment, Harry said, “We’ve just been checking the last-minute stuff, Griphook. 
They had also explained that They would not be returning. 
As They had lost Perkins’s old tent on the night that the Snatchers caught them, Bill had lent them another one. 
It was now packed inside the beaded bag, which, Harry was impressed to learn, Hermione had protected from the Snatchers by the simple expedient of stuffing it down Hermione's sock. 
Though he would miss Bill, Fleur, Luna, and Dean, not to mention the home comforts they had enjoyed over the last few weeks, Harry was looking forward to escaping the confinement of Shell Cottage. 
Harry was tired of trying to make sure that they were not overheard, tired of being shut in the tiny, dark bedroom. 
Most of all, Harry longed to be rid of Griphook. 
However, precisely how and when they were to part from the goblin without handing over Gryffindor’s sword remained a question to which Harry had no answer. 
It had been impossible to decide how they were going to do it, because the goblin rarely left Harry, Ron, and Hermione alone together for more than five minutes at a time: “He could give my mother lessons,” growled Ron, as the goblin’s long fingers kept appearing around the edges of doors. 
With Bill’s warning in mind, Harry could not help suspecting that Griphook was on the watch for possible skulduggery. 
Hermione disapproved so heartily of the planned double-cross that Harry had given up attempting to pick Hermione's brains on how best to do it; Ron, on the rare occasions that they had been able to snatch a few Griphook-free moments, had come up with nothing better than “Well just have to wing it, mate.” Harry slept badly that night. 
Lying awake in the early hours, Harry thought back to the way Harry had felt the night before they had infiltrated the Ministry of Magic and remembered a determination, almost an excitement. 
Now Harry was experiencing jolts of anxiety, nagging doubts: Harry could not shake off the fear that it was all going to go wrong. 
Harry kept telling Harry that their plan was good, that Griphook knew what their were facing, that their were well-prepared for all the difficulties their were likely to encounter, yet still Harry felt uneasy. 
Once or twice Harry heard Ron stir and was sure that Harry too was awake, but they were sharing the sitting room with Dean, so Harry did not speak. 
It was a relief when six o’clock arrived and they could slip out of their sleeping bags, dress in the semidarkness, then creep out into the garden, where they were to meet Hermione and Griphook. 
The dawn was chilly, but there was little wind now that it was May. 
Harry looked up at the stars still glimmering palely in the dark sky and listened to the sea washing backward and forward against the cliff: May. 
Small green shoots were forcing Small green shoots's way up through the red earth of Dobby’s grave now; in a year’s time the mound would be covered in flowers. 
The white stone that bore the elf’s name had already acquired a weathered look. 
He realized now that they could hardly have laid Dobby to rest in a more beautiful place, but Harry ached with sadness to think of leaving Harry behind. 
Looking down on the grave, Harry wondered yet again how the elf had known where to come to rescue them. 
Harry fingers moved absentmindedly to the little pouch still strung around Harry's neck, through which Harry could feel the jagged mirror fragment in which Harry had been sure Harry had seen Dumbledore’s eye. 
Then the sound of a door opening made him look around. 
Bellatrix Lestrange was striding across the lawn toward them, accompanied by Griphook. 
As she walked, she was tucking the small, beaded bag into the inside pocket of another set of the old robes they had taken from Grimmauld Place. 
Though Harry knew perfectly well that it was really Hermione, Harry could not suppress a shiver of loathing. 
She was taller than Harry was, Shis long black hair rippling down Shis back, Shis heavily lidded eyes disdainful as they rested upon him; but then She spoke, and him heard Hermione through Bellatrix’s low voice. 
“She tasted disgusting, worse than Gurdyroots! 
He was to be given a completely fake identity, and they were trusting to the malevolent aura cast by Bellatrix to protect He. 
Meanwhile Harry and Griphook were to be concealed under the Invisibility Cloak. 
“There,” said Hermione, “how does he look, Harry?” It was just possible to discern Ron under his disguise, but only, Harry thought, because Harry knew him so well. 
Ron’s hair was now long and wavy; Ron’s had a thick brown beard and mustache, no freckles, a short, broad nose, and heavy eyebrows. 
“Well, he’s not my type, but he’ll do,” said Harry. 
“Shall we go, then?” All three of them glanced back at Shell Cottage, lying dark and silent under the fading stars, then turned and began to walk toward the point, just beyond the boundary wall, where the Fidelius Charm stopped working and they would be able to Disapparate. 
Once past the gate, Griphook spoke. 
“I should climb up now, Harry Potter, I think?” Harry bent down and the goblin clambered onto Harry's back, Harry's hands linked in front of Harry’s throat. 
Harry was not heavy, but Harry disliked the feeling of the goblin and the surprising strength with which Harry clung on. 
Hermione pulled the Invisibility Cloak out of the beaded bag and threw the Invisibility Cloak over them both. 
“Perfect,” she said, bending down to check Harry’s feet. 
“I can’t see a thing. 
The goblin clung even tighter as they moved into the compressing darkness, and seconds later Harry’s feet found pavement and Harry opened Harry's eyes on Charing Cross Road. 
Muggles bustled past wearing the hangdog expressions of early morning, quite unconscious of the little inn’s existence. 
The bar of the Leaky Cauldron was nearly deserted. 
Tom, the stooped and toothless landlord, was polishing glasses behind the bar counter; a couple of warlocks having a muttered conversation in the far corner glanced at Hermione and drew back into the shadows. 
“Madam Lestrange,” murmured Tom, and as Hermione passed he inclined his head subserviently. 
“Good morning,” said Hermione, and as Harry crept past, still carrying Griphook piggyback under the Cloak, he saw Tom look surprised. 
“Too polite,” Harry whispered in Hermione’s ear as they passed out of the inn into the tiny backyard. 
“You need to treat people like people’re scum!” “Okay, okay!” Hermione drew out Bellatrix’s wand and tapped a brick in the nondescript wall in front of them. 
At once the bricks began to whirl and spin: A hole appeared in the middle of them, which grew wider and wider, finally forming an archway onto the narrow cobbled street that was Diagon Alley. 
It was quiet, barely time for the shops to open, and there were hardly any shoppers abroad. 
The crooked, cobbled street was much altered now from the bustling place Harry had visited before Harry's first term at Hogwarts so many years before. 
More shops than ever were boarded up, though several new establishments dedicated to the Dark Arts had been created since his last visit. 
Harry’s own face glared down at Harry from posters plastered over many windows, always captioned with the words A number of ragged people sat huddled in doorways. 
Harry heard them moaning to the few passersby, pleading for gold, insisting that them were really wizards. 
One man had a bloody bandage over One man's eye. 
As they set off along the street, the beggars glimpsed Hermione. 
the beggars seemed to melt away before Hermione, drawing hoods over the beggars's faces and fleeing as fast as they could. 
Hermione looked after them curiously, until the man with the bloodied bandage came staggering right across Hermione's path. 
“My children!” he bellowed, pointing at her. 
he voice was cracked, high-pitched; he sounded distraught. 
“Where are my children? 
The man lunged at her, reaching for her throat: Then, with a bang and a burst of red light The man was thrown backward onto the ground, unconscious. 
Ron stood there, The man's wand still outstretched and a look of shock visible behind The man's beard. 
Faces appeared at the windows on either side of the street, while a little knot of prosperous-looking passersby gathered their robes about their and broke into gentle trots, keen to vacate the scene. 
their entrance into Diagon Alley could hardly have been more conspicuous; for a moment Harry wondered whether it might not be better to leave now and try to think of a different plan. 
Before they could move or consult one another, however, they heard a cry from behind them. 
“Why, Madam Lestrange!” Harry whirled around and Griphook tightened Harry's hold around Harry’s neck: A tall, thin wizard with a crown of bushy gray hair and a long, sharp nose was striding toward them. 
“It’s Travers,” hissed the goblin into Harry’s ear, but at that moment Harry could not think who Travers was. 
Hermione had drawn Hermione up to Hermione's fullest height and said with as much contempt as Hermione could muster: “And what do you want?” Travers stopped in his tracks, clearly affronted. 
“ He’s another Death Eater\” breathed Griphook, and Harry sidled sideways to repeat the information into Hermione ’s ear. 
“I merely sought to greet you,” said Travers coolly, “but if my presence is not welcome ” Harry recognized Harry's voice now; Travers was one of the Death Eaters who had been summoned to Xenophilius’s house. 
“No, no, not at all, Travers,” said Hermione quickly, trying to cover up Hermione's mistake. 
“How are you?” “Well, I confess I am surprised to see you out and about, Bellatrix.” “Really? 
“Well,” Travers coughed, “I heard that the inhabitants of Malfoy Manor were confined to the house, after the ah escape.” Harry willed Hermione to keep Hermione's head. 
If this was true, and Bellatrix was not supposed to be out in public — “The Dark Lord forgives those who have served him most faithfully in the past,” said Hermione in a magnificent imitation of Bellatrix’s most contemptuous manner. 
“Perhaps your credit is not as good with him as mine is, Travers.” Though the Death Eater looked offended, the Death Eater also seemed less suspicious. 
the Death Eater glanced down at the man Ron had just Stunned. 
“How did it offend you?” “It does not matter, it will not do so again,” said Hermione coolly. 
“Some of these wandless can be troublesome,” said Travers. 
“While they do nothing but beg I have no objection, but one of they actually asked me to plead her case at the Ministry last week. 
“As if I was going to give her my wand — but whose wand,” said Travers curiously, “are you using at the moment, Bellatrix? 
“I don’t know what rumors you have been listening to, Travers, but you seem sadly misinformed.” Travers seemed a little taken aback at that, and Travers turned instead to Ron. 
“Who is your friend? 
“He speaks very little English, but He is in sympathy with Voldemort’s aims. 
Travers extended two fingers and shook Ron’s hand as though frightened of dirtying himself. 
“So what brings you and your — ah — sympathetic friend to Diagon Alley this early?” asked Travers. 
“I need to visit Gringotts,” said Hermione. 
“Alas, I also,” said Travers. 
“Gold, filthy gold! 
“Shall we?” said Travers, gesturing Hermione forward. 
Hermione had no choice but to fall into step beside him and head along the crooked, cobbled street toward the place where the snowy-white Gringotts stood towering over the other little shops. 
Ron sloped along beside them, and Harry and Griphook followed. 
A watchful Death Eater was the very last thing they needed, and the worst of it was, with Travers marching at what he believed to be Bellatrix’s side, there was no means for Harry to communicate with Hermione or Ron. 
All too soon they arrived at the foot of the marble steps leading up to the great bronze doors. 
As Griphook had already warned them, the liveried goblins who usually flanked the entrance had been replaced by two wizards, both of whom were clutching long thin golden rods. 
“Ah, Probity Probes,” sighed Travers theatrically, “so crude — but effective!” And he set off up the steps, nodding left and right to the wizards, who raised the golden rods and passed them up and down his body. 
The Probes, Harry knew, detected spells of concealment and hidden magical objects. 
Knowing that he had only seconds; Harry pointed Draco’s wand at each of the guards in turn and murmured, “Confundo” twice. 
Unnoticed by Travers, who was looking through the bronze doors at the inner hall, each of the guards gave a little start as the spells hit each of the guards. 
Hermione ’s long black hair rippled behind Hermione's as Hermione climbed the steps. 
“One moment, madam,” said the guard, raising his Probe. 
“But you’ve just done that!” said Hermione in Bellatrix’s commanding, arrogant voice. 
Travers looked around, eyebrows raised. 
The guard was confused. 
He stared down at the thin golden Probe and then at He's companion, who said in a slightly dazed voice, “Yeah, you’ve just checked them, Marius.” Hermione swept forward, Ron by her side, Harry and Griphook trotting invisibly behind them. 
Harry glanced back as they crossed the threshold: The wizards were both scratching The wizards's heads. 
Two goblins stood before the inner doors, which were made of silver and which carried the poem warning of dire retribution to potential thieves. 
Harry looked up at it, and all of a sudden a knife-sharp memory came to Harry: standing on this very spot on the day that Harry had turned eleven, the most wonderful birthday of Harry's life, and Hagrid standing beside Harry saying, “ Like I said, yeh’d be mad ter try an’ rob it.” Gringotts had seemed a place of wonder that day, the enchanted repository of a trove of gold he had never known he possessed, and never for an instant could he have dreamed that he would return to steal. 
But within seconds they were standing in the vast marble hall of the bank. 
The long counter was manned by goblins sitting on high stools, serving the first customers of the day. 
Hermione, Ron, and Travers headed toward an old goblin who was examining a thick gold coin through an eyeglass. 
Hermione allowed Travers to step ahead of Hermione's on the pretext of explaining features of the hall to Ron. 
The goblin tossed the coin The goblin was holding aside, said to nobody in particular, “Leprechaun,” and then greeted Travers, who passed over a tiny golden key, which was examined and given back to The goblin. 
Hermione stepped forward. 
“Madam Lestrange!” said the goblin, evidently startled. 
“Dear me! 
The old goblin seemed to recoil a little. 
Harry glanced around. 
Not only was Travers hanging back, watching, but several other goblins had looked up from several other goblins's work to stare at Hermione. 
“You have identification?” asked the goblin. 
“Identification? 
“ They know\” whispered Griphook in Harry’s ear. 
“They must have been warned there might be an impostor !” “Your wand will do, madam,” said the goblin. 
He held out a slightly trembling hand, and in a dreadful blast of realization Harry knew that the goblins of Gringotts were aware that Bellatrix’s wand had been stolen. 
“Act now, act now,” whispered Griphook in Harry’s ear, “the Imperius Cursel” Harry raised the hawthorn wand beneath the cloak, pointed the hawthorn wand at the old goblin, and whispered, for the first time in his life, “Imperiol” A curious sensation shot down Harry’s arm, a feeling of tingling warmth that seemed to flow from Harry's mind, down the sinews and veins connecting Harry to the wand and the curse it had just cast. 
The goblin took Bellatrix’s wand, examined it closely, and then said, “Ah, you have had a new wand made, Madam Lestrange!” “What?” said Hermione. 
“No, no, that’s mine — ” “A new wand?” said Travers, approaching the counter again; still the goblins all around were watching. 
“But how could you have done, which wandmaker did you use?” Harry acted without thinking: Pointing Harry's wand at Travers, Harry muttered, “Imperiol” once more. 
“Oh yes, I see,” said Travers, looking down at Bellatrix’s wand, “yes, very handsome. 
The old goblin behind the counter clapped his hands and a younger goblin approached. 
“I shall need the Clankers,” he told the goblin, who dashed away and returned a moment later with a leather bag that seemed to be full of jangling metal, which he handed to his senior. 
“Good, good! 
Travers was now standing quite still with Travers's mouth hanging wide open. 
Ron was drawing attention to this odd phenomenon by regarding Travers with confusion. 
“Wait — Bogrod!” Another goblin came scurrying around the counter. 
“We have instructions,” he said with a bow to Hermione. 
“Forgive me, Madam, but there have been special orders regarding the vault of Lestrange.” He whispered urgently in Bogrod’s ear, but the Imperiused goblin shook him off. 
“I am aware of the instructions. 
Harry looked back at Travers, who was still rooted to the spot looking abnormally vacant, and made Harry's decision: With a flick of Harry's wand wand made Travers come with them, walking meekly in them's wake as them reached the door and passed into the rough stone passageway beyond, which was lit with flaming torches. 
“We’re in trouble; they suspect,” said Harry as the door slammed behind them and he pulled off the Invisibility Cloak. 
Griphook jumped down from his shoulders; neither Travers nor Bogrod showed the slightest surprise at the sudden appearance of Harry Potter in their midst. 
“their’re Imperiused,” he added, in response to Hermione and Ron’s confused queries about Travers and Bogrod, who were both now standing there looking blank. 
“I don’t think I did it strongly enough, I don’t know. 
“Shall we get out now, while we can?” “If we can,” said Hermione, looking back toward the door into the main hall, beyond which who knew what was happening. 
“We’ve got this far, I say We go on,” said Harry. 
“Good!” said Griphook. 
“So, we need Bogrod to control the cart; I no longer have the authority. 
“Imperio\” The wizard turned and set off along the dark track at a smart pace. 
“What are you making him do?” “Hide,” said Harry as Harry pointed Harry's wand at Bogrod, who whistled to summon a little cart that came trundling along the tracks toward them out of the darkness. 
Harry was sure Harry could hear shouting behind them in the main hall as they all clambered into it, Bogrod in front with Griphook, Harry, Ron, and Hermione crammed together in the back. 
With a jerk the cart moved off, gathering speed: They hurtled past Travers, who was wriggling into a crack in the wall, then the cart began twisting and turning through the labyrinthine passages, sloping downward all the time. 
Harry could not hear anything over the rattling of the cart on the tracks: Harry hair flew behind Harry as they swerved between stalactites, flying ever deeper into the earth, but Harry kept glancing back. 
They might as well have left enormous footprints behind them; the more Harry thought about it, the more foolish it seemed to have disguised Hermione as Bellatrix, to have brought along Bellatrix’s wand, when the Death Eaters knew who had stolen it — They were deeper than Harry had ever penetrated within Gringotts; They took a hairpin bend at speed and saw ahead of They, with seconds to spare, a waterfall pounding over the track. 
Harry heard Griphook shout, “No!” but there was no braking: They zoomed through it. 
Water filled Harry’s eyes and mouth: Harry could not see or breathe: Then, with an awful lurch, the cart flipped over and they were all thrown out of the cart. 
Harry heard the cart smash into pieces against the passage wall, heard Hermione shriek something, and felt Harry glide back toward the ground as though weightless, landing painlessly on the rocky passage floor. 
“C-Cushioning Charm,” Hermione spluttered, as Ron pulled her to her feet, but to Harry’s horror he saw that she was no longer Bellatrix; instead she stood there in overlarge robes, sopping wet and completely herself; Ron was red-haired and beardless again. 
They were realizing it as They looked at each other, feeling They's own faces. 
“The Thief’s Downfall!” said Griphook, clambering to The Thief’s Downfall!”'s feet and looking back at the deluge onto the tracks, which, Harry knew now, had been more than water. 
“It washes away all enchantment, all magical concealment! 
Then he turned to see Bogrod shaking his head in bewilderment: The Thief’s Downfall seemed to have lifted the Imperius Curse. 
“We need The Thief’s Downfall,” said Griphook, “we cannot enter the vault without a Gringotts goblin. 
Bogrod submitted once more to his will, his befuddled expression changing to one of polite indifference, as Ron hurried to pick up the leather bag of metal tools. 
“Harry, I think I can hear people coming!” said Hermione, and Hermione pointed Bellatrix’s wand at the waterfall and cried, “Protego\” They saw the Shield Charm break the flow of enchanted water as it flew up the passageway. 
“Good thinking,” said Harry. 
“Lead the way, Griphook!” “How are we going to get out again?” Ron asked as they hurried on foot into the darkness after the goblin, Bogrod panting in their wake like an old dog. 
“Let’s worry about that when we have to,” said Harry. 
Harry was trying to listen: Harry thought Harry could hear something clanking and moving around nearby. 
“Griphook, how much farther?” “Not far, Harry Potter, not far ” And they turned a corner and saw the thing for which Harry had been prepared, but which still brought all of them to a halt. 
A gigantic dragon was tethered to the ground in front of them, barring access to four or five of the deepest vaults in the place. 
The beast’s scales had turned pale and flaky during its long incarceration under the ground; its eyes were milkily pink; both rear legs bore heavy cuffs from which chains led to enormous pegs driven deep into the rocky floor. 
Its great spiked wings, folded close to Its body, would have filled the chamber if the chamber spread them, and when the chamber turned the chamber ugly head toward them, the chamber roared with a noise that made the rock tremble, opened the chamber mouth, and spat a jet of fire that sent them running back up the passageway. 
“It is partially blind,” panted Griphook, “but even more savage for that. 
Griphook handed them out: Bogrod accepted his meekly. 
“You know what to do,” Griphook told Harry, Ron, and Hermione. 
“It will expect pain when it hears the noise: It will retreat, and Bogrod must place his palm upon the door of the vault.” They advanced around the corner again, shaking the Clankers, and the noise echoed off the rocky walls, grossly magnified, so that the inside of Harry’s skull seemed to vibrate with the din. 
The dragon let out another hoarse roar, then retreated. 
Harry could see it trembling, and as they drew nearer Harry saw the scars made by vicious slashes across its face, and guessed that it had been taught to fear hot swords when it heard the sound of the Clankers. 
“Make him press him's hand to the door!” Griphook urged Harry, who turned his wand again upon Bogrod. 
The old goblin obeyed, pressing The old goblin's palm to the wood, and the door of the vault melted away to reveal a cavelike opening crammed from floor to ceiling with golden coins and goblets, silver armor, the skins of strange creatures — some with long spines, others with drooping wings — potions in jeweled flasks, and a skull still wearing a crown. 
“Search, fast!” said Harry as they all hurried inside the vault. 
Harry as they all hurried inside the vault had described Hufflepuff’s cup to Ron and Hermione, but if it was the other, unknown Horcrux that resided in this vault, he did not know what it looked like. 
he barely had time to glance around, however, before there was a muffled clunk from behind them: The door had reappeared, sealing them inside the vault, and them were plunged into total darkness. 
“No matter, Bogrod will be able to release us!” said Griphook as Ron gave a shout of surprise. 
“Light your wands, can’t you? 
Ron and Hermione had lit their wands too, and were now examining the piles of objects surrounding them. 
“Harry, could this be — ? 
But as it fell, it split, became a shower of goblets, so that a second later, with a great clatter, the floor was covered in identical cups rolling in every direction, the original impossible to discern amongst them. 
“It burned me!” moaned Hermione, sucking Hermione's blistered fingers. 
“They have added Gemino and Flagrante Curses!” said Griphook. 
“Everything you touch will burn and multiply, but the copies are worthless — and if you continue to handle the treasure, you will eventually be crushed to death by the weight of expanding gold!” “Okay, don’t touch anything!” said Harry desperately, but even as Harry said it, Ron accidentally nudged one of the fallen goblets with his foot, and twenty more exploded into being while Ron hopped on the spot, part of Harry's shoe burned away by contact with the hot metal. 
“Stand still, don’t move!” said Hermione, clutching at Ron. 
“Just look around!” said Harry. 
“Remember, the cup’s small and gold, it’s got a badger engraved on it, two handles — otherwise see if you can spot Ravenclaw’s symbol anywhere, the eagle — ” They directed They's wands into every nook and crevice, turning cautiously on the spot. 
It was impossible not to brush up against anything; Harry sent a great cascade of fake Galleons onto the ground where they joined the goblets, and now there was scarcely room to place their feet, and the glowing gold blazed with heat, so that the vault felt like a furnace. 
Harry’s wandlight passed over shields and goblin- made helmets set on shelves rising to the ceiling; higher and higher Harry raised the beam, until suddenly it found an object that made Harry's heart skip and Harry's hand tremble. 
“It’s there, It’s up there\” Ron and Hermione pointed their wands at it too, so that the little golden cup sparkled in a three-way spotlight: the cup that had belonged to Helga Hufflepuff, which had passed into the possession of Hepzibah Smith, from whom it had been stolen by Tom Riddle. 
“And how the hell are we going to get up there without touching anything?” asked Ron. 
“Accio Cup\” cried Hermione, who had evidently forgotten in her desperation what Griphook had told them during them's planning sessions. 
“No use, no use!” snarled the goblin. 
“Then what do we do?” said Harry, glaring at the goblin. 
“If you want the sword, Griphook, then you’ll have to help us more than — wait! 
Harry seized it by it rubied hilt and touched the tip of the blade to a silver flagon nearby, which did not multiply. 
“If I can just poke the sword through a handle — but how am I going to get up there?” The shelf on which the cup reposed was out of reach for any of them, even Ron, who was tallest. 
The heat from the enchanted treasure rose in waves, and sweat ran down Harry’s face and back as Harry struggled to think of a way up to the cup; and then Harry heard the dragon roar on the other side of the vault door, and the sound of clanking growing louder and louder. 
They were truly trapped now: There was no way out except through the door, and a horde of goblins seemed to be approaching on the other side. 
Harry looked at Ron and Hermione and saw terror in their faces. 
“Hermione,” said Harry as the clanking grew louder, “I’ve got to get up there, we’ve got to get rid of it — ” She raised Shis wand, pointed it at Harry, and whispered, “Levicorpus.” Hoisted into the air by his ankle, Harry hit a suit of armor and replicas burst out of it like white-hot bodies, filling the cramped space. 
With screams of pain Ron, Hermione, and the two goblins were knocked aside into other objects, which also began to replicate. 
Half buried in a rising tide of red-hot treasure, they struggled and yelled as Harry thrust the sword through the handle of Hufflepuff’s cup, hooking it onto the blade. 
“Impervius\” screeched Hermione in an attempt to protect herself, Ron, and the goblins from the burning metal. 
Then the worst scream yet made Harry look down: Ron and Hermione were waist-deep in treasure, struggling to keep Bogrod from slipping beneath the rising tide, but Griphook had sunk out of sight and nothing but the tips of a few long fingers were left in view. 
Harry seized Griphook’s fingers and pulled. 
The blistered goblin emerged by degrees, howling. 
“Liberacorpus\” yelled Harry, and with a crash Harry and Griphook landed on the surface of the swelling treasure, and the sword flew out of Harry’s hand. 
“Get it!” Harry yelled, fighting the pain of the hot metal on Harry's skin, as Griphook clambered onto Harry's shoulders again, determined to avoid the swelling mass of red-hot objects. 
“Where’s the sword? 
One hand holding tightly to a fistful of Harry’s hair, to make sure Harry did not fall into the heaving sea of burning gold, Griphook seized the hilt of the sword and swung it high out of Harry’s reach. 
The tiny golden cup, skewered by the handle on the sword’s blade, was flung into the air. 
The goblin still astride him, Harry dived and caught it, and although Harry could feel it scalding Harry's flesh Harry did not relinquish it, even while countless Hufflepuff cups burst from Harry's fist, raining down upon Harry as the entrance of the vault opened up again and Harry found Harry sliding uncontrollably on an expanding avalanche of fiery gold and silver that bore him, Ron, and Hermione into the outer chamber. 
Hardly aware of the pain from the burns covering his body, and still borne along on the swell of replicating treasure, Harry shoved the cup into Harry's pocket and reached up to retrieve the sword, but Griphook was gone. 
Sliding from Harry’s shoulders the moment he could, Harry had sprinted for cover amongst the surrounding goblins, brandishing the sword and crying, “Thieves! 
Slipping on the hot metal, Harry struggled to Harry's feet and knew that the only way out was through. 
“Stupefyl” he bellowed, and Ron and Hermione joined in: Jets of red light flew into the crowd of goblins, and some toppled over, but others advanced, and Harry saw several wizard guards running around the corner. 
The tethered dragon let out a roar, and a gush of flame flew over the goblins: The wizards fled, doubled- up, back the way they had come, and inspiration, or madness, came to Harry. 
Pointing Harry's wand at the thick cuffs chaining the beast to the floor, Harry yelled, “Relashiol” The cuffs broke open with loud bangs. 
“This way!” Harry yelled, and still shooting Stunning Spells at the advancing goblins, Harry sprinted toward the blind dragon. 
“Harry — Harry — what are you doing?” cried Hermione. 
“Get up, climb up, come on — ” The dragon had not realized that The dragon was free: Harry’s foot found the crook of The dragon hind leg and Harry pulled Harry up onto the crook of its hind leg back. 
The scales were hard as steel; it did not even seem to feel Harry. 
Harry stretched out an arm; Hermione hoisted herself up; Ron climbed on behind them, and a second later the dragon became aware that it was untethered. 
With a roar it reared: Harry dug in Harry's knees, clutching as tightly as Harry could to the jagged scales as the wings opened, knocking the shrieking goblins aside like skittles, and it soared into the air. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione, flat on its back, scraped against the ceiling as it dived toward the passage opening, while the pursuing goblins hurled daggers that glanced off its flanks. 
“Well never get out, it’s too big!” Hermione screamed, but the dragon opened the dragon mouth and belched flame again, blasting the tunnel, whose floors and ceiling cracked and crumbled. 
By sheer force the dragon clawed and fought the dragon way through. 
Harry’s eyes were shut tight against the heat and dust: Deafened by the crashing of rock and the dragon’s roars, Harry could only cling to its back, expecting to be shaken off at any moment; then Harry heard Hermione yelling, “Defodiol” Hermione was helping the dragon enlarge the passageway, carving out the ceiling as the ceiling struggled upward toward the fresher air, away from the shrieking and clanking goblins: Harry and Ron copied Hermione, blasting the ceiling apart with more gouging spells. 
They passed the underground lake, and the great crawling, snarling beast seemed to sense freedom and space ahead of it, and behind them the passage was full of the dragon’s thrashing, spiked tail, of great lumps of rock, gigantic fractured stalactites, and the clanking of the goblins seemed to be growing more muffled, while ahead, the dragon’s fire kept their progress clear — And then at last, by the combined force of their spells and the dragon’s brute strength, they had blasted their way out of the passage into the marble hallway. 
Goblins and wizards shrieked and ran for cover, and finally dragon had room to stretch the dragon wings: Turning finally dragon horned head toward finally dragon could smell beyond the entrance, it took off, and with Harry, Ron, and Hermione still clinging to its back, its forced its way through the metal doors, leaving them buckled and hanging from them's hinges, as it staggered into Diagon Alley and launched itself into the sky. 
There was no means of steering; finally dragon could not see where it was going, and Harry knew that if it turned sharply or rolled in midair they would find it impossible to cling onto its broad back. 
Nevertheless, as they climbed higher and higher, London unfurling below them like a gray-and-green map, Harry’s overwhelming feeling was of gratitude for an escape that had seemed impossible. 
Crouching low over the beast’s neck, Harry clung tight to the metallic scales, and the cool breeze was soothing on Harry's burned and blistered skin, the dragon’s wings beating the air like the sails of a windmill. 
Behind Harry, whether from delight or fear Harry could not tell, Ron kept swearing at the top of Harry's voice, and Hermione seemed to be sobbing. 
After five minutes or so, Harry lost some of Harry's immediate dread that the dragon was going to throw them off, for it seemed intent on nothing but getting as far away from the dragon underground prison as possible; but the question of how and when they were to dismount remained rather frightening. 
Harry had no idea how long dragons could fly without landing, nor how this particular dragon, which could barely see, would locate a good place to put down. 
Harry glanced around constantly, imagining that Harry could feel Harry's scar prickling. 
How long would it be before Voldemort knew that they had broken into the Lestranges’ vault? 
How soon would the goblins of Gringotts notify Bellatrix? 
How quickly would they realize what had been taken? 
And then, when they discovered that the golden cup was missing? 
Voldemort would know, at last, that they were hunting Horcruxes. 
The dragon seemed to crave cooler and fresher air: The dragon climbed steadily until they were flying through wisps of chilly cloud, and Harry could no longer make out the little colored dots which were cars pouring in and out of the capital. 
On and on they flew, over countryside parceled out in patches of green and brown, over roads and rivers winding through the landscape like strips of matte and glossy ribbon. 
“What do you reckon it’s looking for?” Ron yelled as they flew farther and farther north. 
“No idea,” Harry bellowed back. 
Harry hands were numb with cold but Harry did not dare attempt to shift Harry's grip. 
Harry had been wondering for some time what they would do if they saw the coast sail beneath them, if the dragon headed for open sea; the dragon was cold and numb, not to mention desperately hungry and thirsty. 
When, Harry wondered, had the beast itself last eaten? 
Surely it would need sustenance before long? 
And what if, at that point, it realized it had three highly edible humans sitting on it back? 
The sun slipped lower in the sky, which was turning indigo; and still the dragon flew, cities and towns gliding out of sight beneath them, the dragon enormous shadow sliding over the earth like a great dark cloud. 
Every part of Harry ached with the effort of holding on to the dragon back. 
“Is it my imagination,” shouted Ron after a considerable stretch of silence, “or are we losing height?” Harry looked down and saw deep green mountains and lakes, coppery in the sunset. 
The landscape seemed to grow larger and more detailed as Harry squinted over the side of the dragon, and Harry wondered whether it had divined the presence of fresh water by the flashes of reflected sunlight. 
Lower and lower the dragon flew, in great spiraling circles, honing in, it seemed, upon one of the smaller lakes. 
“I say we jump when it gets low enough!” Harry called back to the others. 
“Straight into the water before it realizes we’re here!” They agreed, Hermione a little faintly, and now Harry could see the dragon’s wide yellow underbelly rippling in the surface of the water. 
Harry slithered over the side of the dragon’s and plummeted feetfirst toward the surface of the lake; the drop was greater than Harry had estimated and Harry hit the water hard, plunging like a stone into a freezing, green, reed-filled world. 
Harry kicked toward the surface and emerged, panting, to see enormous ripples emanating in circles from the places where Ron and Hermione had fallen. 
The dragon did not seem to have noticed anything: The dragon was already fifty feet away, swooping low over the lake to scoop up water in The dragon scarred snout. 
As Ron and Hermione emerged, spluttering and gasping, from the depths of the lake, The dragon flew on, the dragon wings beating hard, and landed at last on a distant bank. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione struck out for the opposite shore. 
The lake did not seem to be deep: Soon it was more a question of fighting their way through reeds and mud than swimming, and at last they flopped, sodden, panting, and exhausted, onto slippery grass. 
Hermione collapsed, coughing and shuddering. 
Though Harry could have happily lain down and slept, Harry staggered to Harry's feet, drew out Harry's wand, and started casting the usual protective spells around them. 
When Harry had finished, Harry joined the others. 
It was the first time that he had seen them properly since escaping from the vault. 
Both had angry red burns all over Both's faces and arms, and Both's clothing was singed away in places. 
They were wincing as They dabbed essence of dittany onto They's many injuries. 
Hermione handed Harry the bottle, then pulled out three bottles of pumpkin juice Hermione had brought from Shell Cottage and clean, dry robes for all of them. 
They changed and then gulped down the juice. 
“Well, on the upside,” said Ron finally, who was sitting watching the skin on his hands regrow, “we got the Horcrux. 
“No sword,” repeated Ron. 
“That double-crossing little scab ” Harry pulled the Horcrux from the pocket of the wet jacket Harry had just taken off and set the Horcrux down on the grass in front of them. 
Glinting in the sun, it drew them's eyes as them swigged them's bottles of juice. 
“At least we can’t wear it this time, that’d look a bit weird hanging round our necks,” said Ron, wiping his mouth on the back of his hand. 
Hermione looked across the lake to the far bank, where the dragon was still drinking. 
“What’ll happen to it, do you think?” Hermione asked. 
“Will it be all right?” “You sound like Hagrid,” said Ron. 
“It’s a dragon, Hermione, it can look after itself. 
Harry’s ribs ached, Harry felt lightheaded with hunger, but Harry lay back on the grass beneath the reddening sky and laughed until Harry's throat was raw. 
“What are we going to do, though?” said Hermione finally, hiccuping Hermione back to seriousness. 
“He’ll know, won’t He? 
“Maybe they’ll cover up — ” The sky, the smell of lake water, the sound of Ron’s voice were extinguished: Pain cleaved Harry’s head like a sword stroke. 
Harry was standing in a dimly lit room, and a semicircle of wizards faced Harry, and on the floor at Harry's feet knelt a small, quaking figure. 
“What did you say to me?” His voice was high and cold, but fury and fear burned inside His. 
The one thing His had dreaded — but it could not be true, His could not see how The goblin was trembling, unable to meet the red eyes high above His. 
“Say it again!” murmured Voldemort. 
“ Say it again).” “M-my Lord,” stammered the goblin, its black eyes wide with terror, “m-my Lord we t-tried t-to st-stop them. 
“Tell me! 
The Elder Wand slashed through the air and green light erupted through the room; the kneeling goblin rolled over, dead; the watching wizards scattered before The Elder Wand, terrified: Bellatrix and Lucius Malfoy threw others behind them in them's race for the door, and again and again his wand fell, and those who were left were slain, all of those who were left, for bringing his this news, for hearing about the golden cup — Alone amongst the dead his stormed up and down, and they passed before his in vision: his treasures, his safeguards, his anchors to immortality — the diary was destroyed and the cup was stolen: What if, what if, the boy knew about the others? 
Could the boy know, had the boy already acted, had the boy traced more of them? 
Was Dumbledore at the root of this? 
Dumbledore, who had always suspected him; Dumbledore, dead on his orders; Dumbledore, whose wand was his now, yet who reached out from the ignominy of death through the boy, the boy — But surely if the boy had destroyed any of the boy's Horcruxes, he, Lord Voldemort, would have known, would have felt it? 
He, the greatest wizard of them all; He, the most powerful; he, the killer of Dumbledore and of how many other worthless, nameless men: How could Lord Voldemort not have known, if Lord Voldemort, himself, most important and precious, had been attacked, mutilated? 
True, Lord Voldemort had not felt it when the diary had been destroyed, but Lord Voldemort had thought that was because Lord Voldemort had no body to feel, being less than ghost. 
No, surely, the rest were safe. 
The other Horcruxes must be intact. 
But he must know, he must be sure. 
he paced the room, kicking aside the goblin’s corpse as he passed, and the pictures blurred and burned in his boiling brain: the lake, the shack, and Hogwarts — A modicum of calm cooled He's rage now: How could the boy know that the boy had hidden the ring in the Gaunt shack? 
No one had ever known the boy to be related to the Gaunts, the boy had hidden the connection, the killings had never been traced to the boy: The ring, surely, was safe. 
And how could the boy, or anybody else, know about the cave or penetrate its protection? 
The idea of the locket being stolen was absurd. 
As for the school: He alone knew where in Hogwarts He had stowed the Horcrux, because He alone had plumbed the deepest secrets of that place. 
And there was still Nagini, who must remain close now, no longer sent to do his bidding, under his protection. 
But to be sure, to be utterly sure, his must return to each of his hiding places, his must redouble protection around each of his Horcruxes. 
A job, like the quest for the Elder Wand, that he must undertake alone Which should he visit first, which was in most danger? 
An old unease flickered inside he. 
Dumbledore had known his middle name. 
Dumbledore might have made the connection with the Gaunts. 
Their abandoned home was, perhaps, the least secure of Dumbledore's hiding places, it was there that Dumbledore would go first. 
The lake, surely impossible though was there a slight possibility that Dumbledore might have known some of Dumbledore's past misdeeds, through the orphanage. 
And Hogwarts but Dumbledore knew that his Horcrux there was safe; it would be impossible for Potter to enter Hogsmeade without detection, let alone the school. 
Nevertheless, it would be prudent to alert Snape to the fact that the boy might try to reenter the castle. 
To tell Snape why the boy might return would be foolish, of course; it had been a grave mistake to trust Bellatrix and Malfoy: Didn’t their stupidity and carelessness prove how unwise it was ever to trust? 
He would visit the Gaunt shack first, then, and take Nagini with He: He would not be parted from the snake anymore and He strode from the room, through the hall, and out into the dark garden where the fountain played; He called the snake in Parseltongue and it slithered out to join He like a long shadow. 
Harry’s eyes flew open as Harry wrenched Harry back to the present: Harry was lying on the bank of the lake in the setting sun, and Ron and Hermione were looking down at Harry. 
Judging by their worried looks, and by the continued pounding of his scar, his sudden excursion into Voldemort’s mind had not passed unnoticed. 
his struggled up, shivering, vaguely surprised that his was still wet to his skin, and saw the cup lying innocently in the grass before his, and the lake, deep blue shot with gold in the failing sun. 
“He knows.” He own voice sounded strange and low after Voldemort’s high screams. 
“Voldemort knows, and Voldemort’s going to check where the others are, and the last one,” Voldemort was already on Voldemort's feet, “is at Hogwarts. 
“But what did you see? 
“No, he was concentrating on warning Snape, he didn’t think about exactly where it is — ” “Wait, wait\” cried Hermione as Ron caught up the Horcrux and Harry pulled out the Invisibility Cloak again. 
“We can’t just go, We haven’t got a plan, We need to — ” “We need to get going,” said Harry firmly. 
Harry had been hoping to sleep, looking forward to getting into the new tent, but that was impossible now. 
“Can you imagine what Harry’s going to do once Harry realizes the ring and the locket are gone? 
They paused in They's preparations to watch it climb higher and higher, now black against the rapidly darkening sky, until it vanished over a nearby mountain. 
Then Hermione walked forward and took Hermione's place between the other two. 
Harry pulled the Cloak down as far as it would go, and together they turned on the spot into the crushing darkness. 
Harry’s feet touched road. 
Harry’s saw the achingly familiar Hogsmeade High Street: dark shop fronts, and the outline of black mountains beyond the village, and the curve in the road ahead that led off toward Hogwarts, and light spilling from the windows of the Three Broomsticks, and with a lurch of the heart Harry’s remembered, with piercing accuracy, how Harry’s had landed here nearly a year before, supporting a desperately weak Dumbledore; all this in a second, upon landing — and then, even as Harry’s relaxed Harry’s's grip upon Ron’s and Hermione’s arms, it happened. 
The air was rent by a scream that sounded like Voldemort’s when Voldemort had realized the cup had been stolen: It tore at every nerve in Harry’s body, and Harry knew immediately that their appearance had caused it. 
Even as he looked at the other two beneath the Cloak, the door of the Three Broomsticks burst open and a dozen cloaked and hooded Death Eaters dashed into the street, their wands aloft. 
Harry seized Ron’s wrist as Harry raised Harry's wand; there were too many of them to Stun: Even attempting it would give away Stun's position. 
One of the Death Eaters waved his wand and the scream stopped, still echoing around the distant mountains. 
“Accio Cloak).” roared one of the Death Eaters. 
Harry seized its folds, but it made no attempt to escape: The Summoning Charm had not worked on it. 
“Not under your wrapper, then, Potter?” yelled the Death Eater who had tried the charm, and then to Potter?”'s fellows, “Spread out. 
They waited in the darkness, listening to the footsteps running up and down, beams of light flying along the street from the Death Eaters’ searching wands. 
“Let’s just leave!” Hermione whispered. 
“Disapparate now!” “Great idea,” said Ron, but before Harry could reply a Death Eater shouted, “We know you’re here, Potter, and there’s no getting away! 
“They set up that spell to tell them we’d come. 
“Let ’em have free rein, they’d find him quick enough!” “The Dark Lord wants Potter dead by no hand but his “ — an’ dementors won’t kill his! 
Dread filled Harry: To repel dementors they would have to produce Patronuses, which would give they away immediately. 
“We’re going to have to try to Disapparate, Harry!” Hermione whispered. 
Even as Hermione said it, he felt the unnatural cold begin to steal over the street. 
Light was sucked from the environment right up to the stars, which vanished. 
In the pitch-blackness, he felt Hermione take hold of his arm and together, they turned on the spot. 
The air through which they needed to move seemed to have become solid: They could not Disapparate; the Death Eaters had cast They's charms well. 
The cold was biting deeper and deeper into Harry’s flesh. 
He, Ron, and Hermione retreated down the side street, groping He, Ron, and Hermione's way along the wall, trying not to make a sound. 
Then, around the corner, gliding noiselessly, came dementors, ten or more of them, visible because them were of a denser darkness than them's surroundings, with them's black cloaks and their scabbed and rotting hands. 
Could they sense fear in the vicinity? 
Harry was sure of it: They seemed to be coming more quickly now, taking those dragging, rattling breaths Harry detested, tasting despair on the air, closing in — Harry raised Harry's wand: Harry could not, would not, suffer the Dementor’s Kiss, whatever happened afterward. 
It was of Ron and Hermione that he thought as he whispered, “Expecto Patronum).” The silver stag burst from his wand and charged: The dementors scattered and there was a triumphant yell from somewhere out of sight. 
“It’s him, down there, down there, I saw him's Patronus, it was a stag! 
“Upstairs, keep the Cloak on, keep quiet!” muttered a tall figure, passing them on his way into the street and slamming the door behind him. 
Harry had had no idea where they were, but now Harry saw, by the stuttering light of a single candle, the grubby, sawdust- strewn bar of the Hog’s Head Inn. 
They ran behind the counter and through a second doorway, which led to a rickety wooden staircase that They climbed as fast as They could. 
The stairs opened onto a sitting room with a threadbare carpet and a small fireplace, above which hung a single large oil painting of a blonde girl who gazed out at the room with a kind of vacant sweetness. 
Shouts reached them from the street below. 
Still wearing the Invisibility Cloak, they crept toward the grimy window and looked down. 
they savior, whom Harry now recognized as the Hog’s Head’s barman, was the only person not wearing a hood. 
“So what?” he was bellowing into one of the hooded faces. 
“So what? 
“That was a stag, it was Potter’s!” “Stag!” roared the barman, and “Stag!” pulled out a wand. 
“Stag! 
“That’s not what I saw — ” said the Death Eater, though with less certainty. 
“Curfew’s been broken, you heard the noise,” one of his companions told the barman. 
“Someone was out in the street against regulations — ” “If I want to put my cat out, I will, and be damned to your curfew!” “ You set off the Caterwauling Charm?” “What if I did? 
“Stag?” roared the barman. 
“It’s a goat, idiot!” “All right, we made a mistake,” said the second Death Eater. 
“Break curfew again and we won’t be so lenient!” The Death Eaters strode back toward the High Street. 
Hermione moaned with relief, wove out from under the Cloak, and sat down on a wobble-legged chair. 
Harry drew the curtains tight shut, then pulled the Cloak off himself and Ron. 
They could hear the barman down below, rebolting the door of the bar, then climbing the stairs. 
Harry’s attention was caught by something on the mantelpiece: a small, rectangular mirror propped on top of it, right beneath the portrait of the girl. 
The barman entered the room. 
“You bloody fools,” he said gruffly, looking from one to the other of them. 
“What were you thinking, coming here?” “Thank you,” said Harry. 
“We can’t thank you enough. 
Harry approached him, looking up into the face, trying to see past the long, stringy, wire-gray hair and beard. 
Harry wore spectacles. 
Behind the dirty lenses, the eyes were a piercing, brilliant blue. 
“It’s your eye I’ve been seeing in the mirror.” There was silence in the room. 
Harry and the barman looked at each other. 
“You sent Dobby.” the barman nodded and looked around for the elf. 
“Thought he’d be with you. 
“Bellatrix Lestrange killed him.” The barman’s face was impassive. 
After a few moments he said, “I’m sorry to hear it. 
“You’re Aberforth,” said Harry to the man’s back. 
Harry neither confirmed nor denied it, but bent to light the fire. 
“How did you get this?” Harry asked, walking across to Sirius’s mirror, the twin of the one Harry had broken nearly two years before. 
“Bought it from Dung ’bout a year ago,” said Aberforth. 
“Albus told me what it was. 
“The silver doe!” he said excitedly. 
“Was that you too?” “What are you talking about?” said Aberforth. 
“Someone sent a doe Patronus to us!” “Brains like that, you could be a Death Eater, son. 
“Yeah well, I’m hungry!” he added defensively as his stomach gave an enormous rumble. 
“I got food,” said Aberforth, and Aberforth sloped out of the room, reappearing moments later with a large loaf of bread, some cheese, and a pewter jug of mead, which Aberforth set upon a small table in front of the fire. 
Ravenous, they ate and drank, and for a while there was silence but for the crackle of the fire, the clink of goblets, and the sound of chewing. 
“Right then,” said Aberforth when they had eaten their fill, and Harry and Ron sat slumped dozily in their chairs. 
“We need to think of the best way to get you out of here. 
“We need to get into Hogwarts.” “Don’t be stupid, boy,” said Aberforth. 
“We’ve got to,” said Harry. 
“What you’ve got to do,” said Aberforth, leaning forward, “is to get as far from here as you can.” “You don’t understand. 
“My brother Albus wanted a lot of things,” said Aberforth, “and people had a habit of getting hurt while he was carrying out his grand plans. 
“Oh, don’t I?” said Aberforth quietly. 
“You don’t think I understood my own brother? 
“It’s he left me a job.” “Did he now?” said Aberforth. 
“Nice job, I hope? 
Hermione was looking strained. 
“I-it’s not easy, no,” said Harry. 
“But I’ve got to — ” “ ‘Got to’? 
“Let it go, boy, before you follow him! 
“But you’re fighting too, you’re in the Order of the Phoenix — ” “I was,” said Aberforth. 
“The Order of the Phoenix is finished. 
“They’ll be in danger long as They live now everyone knows They’ve been working with you.” “I can’t leave,” said Harry. 
“I’ve got a job — ” “Give it to someone else!” “I can’t. 
Aberforth seemed to know what Aberforth was thinking. 
“I knew my brother, Potter. 
It was, now Harry looked around properly, the only picture in the room. 
There was no photograph of Albus Dumbledore, nor of anyone else. 
“Albus Dumbledore?” said Hermione rather timidly. 
“Is that your sister? 
“Been reading Rita Skeeter, have you, missy?” Even by the rosy light of the fire it was clear that Hermione had turned red. 
“Elphias Doge mentioned her to us,” said Harry, trying to spare Hermione. 
“That old berk,” muttered Aberforth, taking another swig of mead. 
“Thought the sun shone out of my brother’s every orifice, my brother’s did. 
He did not want to express the doubts and uncertainties about Dumbledore that had riddled He for months now. 
He had made He's choice while He dug Dobby’s grave, He had decided to continue along the winding, dangerous path indicated for He by Albus Dumbledore, to accept that He had not been told everything that He wanted to know, but simply to trust. 
He had no desire to doubt again; He did not want to hear anything that would deflect He from He's purpose. 
He met Aberforth ’s gaze, which was so strikingly like He's brother’s: The bright blue eyes gave the same impression that they were X-raying the object of their scrutiny, and Harry thought that Aberforth knew what Harry was thinking and despised Harry for it. 
“Professor Dumbledore cared about Harry, very much,” said Hermione in a low voice. 
“Did he now?” said Aberforth. 
“Funny thing, how many of the people my brother cared about very much ended up in a worse state than if my brother’d left ’em well alone.” “What do you mean?” asked Hermione breathlessly. 
“Never you mind,” said Aberforth. 
“But that’s a really serious thing to say!” said Hermione. 
“Are you — are you talking about your sister?” Aberforth glared at her: Aberforth lips moved as if Aberforth were chewing the words Aberforth was holding back. 
Then he burst into speech. 
“When my sister was six years old, my sister was attacked, set upon, by three Muggle boys. 
Aberforth stood up, tall as Albus, and suddenly terrible in Aberforth's anger and the intensity of Aberforth's pain. 
“It destroyed her, what they did: her was never right again. 
“Not Albus, he was always up in his bedroom when he was home, reading his books and counting his prizes, keeping up with his correspondence with ‘the most notable magical names of the day,’ ” Aberforth sneered. 
“he didn’t want to be bothered with her. 
“If I’d been there, I could have calmed her down. 
“So that put paid to Albus’s trip round the world with little Doge. 
“I’d have looked after ’d, I told ’d so, I didn’t care about school, I’d have stayed home and done it. 
“Grindelwald. 
“I told him, you’d better give it up now. 
“Grindelwald didn’t like that at all. 
“ — and I think she wanted to help, but she didn’t really know what she was doing, and I don’t know which of us did it, it could have been any of us — and — was dead.” His voice broke on the last word and His dropped down into the nearest chair. 
Hermione’s face was wet with tears, and Ron was almost as pale as Aberforth. 
Harry felt nothing but revulsion: Harry wished Harry had not heard it, wished Harry could wash Harry's mind clean of it. 
“I’m so I’m so sorry,” Hermione whispered. 
“Gone,” croaked Aberforth. 
“Gone forever.” He wiped He's nose on He's cuff and cleared He's throat. 
“ ’Course, Grindelwald scarpered. 
“I beg your pardon?” said Aberforth. 
“Never,” said Harry. 
“The night that your brother died, your brother drank a potion that drove your brother out of your brother's mind. 
your brother had never gone into details about what had happened on the island on the lake: The events that had taken place after your brother and Dumbledore had returned to Hogwarts had eclipsed it so thoroughly. 
“He thought He was back there with you and Grindelwald, I know He did,” said Harry, remembering Dumbledore whimpering, pleading. 
“He thought He was watching Grindelwald hurting you and Ariana . 
After a long pause He said, “How can you be sure, Potter, that my brother wasn’t more interested in the greater good than in you? 
“I don’t believe it. 
“Why didn’t he tell him to hide, then?” shot back Aberforth. 
“Why didn’t he say to him, Take care of yourself, here’s how to survive’?” “Because,” said Harry before Hermione could answer, “sometimes you’ve got to think about more than your own safety! 
“ Tou- Know- Who’s won, it’s over, and anyone who’s pretending different’s kidding themselves.’ ” “I don’t say I like it, but it’s the truth!” “No, it isn’t,” said Harry. 
“Your brother knew how to finish Voldemort and Voldemort passed the knowledge on to me. 
He merely scowled. 
“We need to get into Hogwarts,” said Harry again. 
“If you can’t help We, us’ll wait till daybreak, leave you in peace, and try to find a way in We. 
At last he cleared his throat, got to his feet, walked around the little table, and approached the portrait of Ariana. 
“You know what to do,” he said. 
She smiled, turned, and walked away, not as people in portraits usually did, out of the sides of their frames, but along what seemed to be a long tunnel painted behind She. 
They watched Shis slight figure retreating until finally She was swallowed by the darkness. 
“Er — what — ?” began Ron. 
“There’s only one way in now,” said Aberforth. 
“You must know they’ve got all the old secret passageways covered at both ends, dementors all around the boundary walls, regular patrols inside the school from what my sources tell me. 
A tiny white dot had reappeared at the end of the painted tunnel, and now Ariana was walking back toward them, growing bigger and bigger as she came. 
But there was somebody else with shis now, someone taller than she was, who was limping along, looking excited. 
His hair was longer than Harry had ever seen it: His appeared to have suffered several gashes to His's face and His's clothes were ripped and torn. 
Larger and larger the two figures grew, until only their heads and shoulders filled the portrait. 
Then the whole thing swung forward on the wall like a little door, and the entrance to a real tunnel was revealed. 
And out of it, his hair overgrown, his face cut, his robes ripped, clambered the real Neville Longbottom, who gave a roar of delight, leapt down from the mantelpiece, and yelled, “I knew you’d come! 
The longer Harry looked at Neville, the worse Harry appeared: One of Harry's eyes was swollen yellow and purple, there were gouge marks on Harry's face, and Harry's general air of unkemptness suggested that Harry had been living rough. 
Nevertheless, Harry's battered visage shone with happiness as Harry let go of Hermione and said again, “I knew you’d come! 
“This is nothing. 
“What d’you mean, a couple more, Longbottom? 
“Just send them down the passage when them get here, will you? 
Harry addressed Aberforth. 
“I don’t know how to thank you. 
“I might not be able to save ’em a third time.” Harry clambered up onto the mantelpiece and through the hole behind Ariana’s portrait. 
There were smooth stone steps on the other side: It looked as though the passageway had been there for years. 
Brass lamps hung from the walls and the earthy floor was worn and smooth; as they walked, their shadows rippled, fanlike, across the wall. 
“How long’s this been here?” Ron asked as they set off. 
“It isn’t on the Marauder’s Map, is it, Harry? 
“There’s no chance of getting through any of them now, not with curses over the entrances and Death Eaters and dementors waiting at the exits.” He started walking backward, beaming, drinking them in. 
“Never mind that stuff. 
Neville laughed gleefully. 
“What did you do with the dragon?” “Released it into the wild,” said Ron. 
“Hermione was all for keeping it as a pet — ” “Don’t exaggerate, Ron — ” “But what have you been doing? 
“Do you know about the Carrows?” “Those two Death Eaters who teach here?” “They do more than teach,” said Neville. 
“They’re in charge of all discipline. 
“Yeah,” said Neville. 
“That’s how I got this one,” he pointed at a particularly deep gash in his cheek, “I refused to do it. 
“You wouldn’t have stood it either. 
Neville shrugged. 
“Doesn’t matter. 
“The only people in real danger are the ones whose friends and relatives on the outside are giving trouble. 
“These have been great,” said Neville, beaming at Hermione. 
“The Carrows never rumbled how we were communicating, The Carrows drove them mad. 
“Well, it got more difficult as time went on,” said Neville. 
“We lost Luna at Christmas, and Ginny never came back after Easter, and the three of We were sort of the leaders. 
“Yeah, well, I couldn’t ask people to go through what Michael did, so We dropped those kinds of stunts. 
“Yeah,” said Neville, panting a little now, because the passage was climbing so steeply, “well, you can see their thinking. 
“Yeah,” said Neville happily. 
“Only thing was, once they realized they had no hold over me, they decided Hogwarts could do without me after all. 
“You’ll see. 
Another short flight of steps led to a door just like the one hidden behind Ariana’s portrait. 
Neville pushed it open and climbed through. 
As Harry followed, Harry heard Neville call out to unseen people: “Look who it is! 
The next moment, he, Ron, and Hermione were engulfed, hugged, pounded on the back, he, Ron, and Hermione's hair ruffled, he, Ron, and Hermione's hands shaken, by what seemed to be more than twenty people: he, Ron, and Hermione might just have won a Quidditch final. 
“Okay, okay, calm down!” Neville called, and as the crowd backed away, Harry was able to take in their surroundings. 
Harry did not recognize the room at all. 
It was enormous, and looked rather like the interior of a particularly sumptuous tree house, or perhaps a gigantic ship’s cabin. 
Multicolored hammocks were strung from the ceiling and from a balcony that ran around the dark wood-paneled and windowless walls, which were covered in bright tapestry hangings: Harry saw the gold Gryffindor lion, emblazoned on scarlet; the black badger of Hufflepuff, set against yellow; and the bronze eagle of Ravenclaw, on blue. 
The silver and green of Slytherin alone were absent. 
There were bulging bookcases, a few broomsticks propped against the walls, and in the corner, a large wooden- cased wireless. 
“Where are we?” “Room of Requirement, of course!” said Neville. 
“Surpassed itself, hasn’t it? 
“No,” said Seamus Finnigan, whom Harry had not recognized until Harry spoke: Seamus’s face was bruised and puffy. 
“It’s a proper hideout, as long as one of us stays in here, they can’t get at us, the door won’t open. 
“I’d been in here about a day and a half, and getting really hungry, and wishing I could get something to eat, and that’s when the passage to the Hog’s Head opened up. 
“So we’ve been hiding out here for nearly two weeks,” said Seamus, “and it just makes more hammocks every time we need more hammocks, and it even sprouted a pretty good bathroom once girls started turning up — “ — and thought they’d quite like to wash, yes,” supplied Lavender Brown, whom Harry had not noticed until that point. 
Now that he looked around properly, he recognized many familiar faces. 
Both Patil twins were there, as were Terry Boot, Ernie Macmillan, Anthony Goldstein, and Michael Corner. 
“Tell us what you’ve been up to, though,” said Ernie. 
“There’ve been so many rumors, we’ve been trying to keep up with you on Potterwatch.” He pointed at the wireless. 
“You didn’t break into Gringotts?” “They did!” said Neville. 
“And the dragon’s true too!” There was a smattering of applause and a few whoops; Ron took a bow. 
“What were you after?” asked Seamus eagerly. 
Before any of them could parry the question with one of them's own, Harry felt a terrible, scorching pain in the lightning scar. 
As Harry turned Harry's back hastily on the curious and delighted faces, the Room of Requirement vanished, and Harry was standing inside a ruined stone shack, and the rotting floorboards were ripped apart at Harry's feet, a disinterred golden box lay open and empty beside the hole, and Voldemort’s scream of fury vibrated inside Voldemort's head. 
With an enormous effort he pulled out of Voldemort’s mind again, back to where he stood, swaying, in the Room of Requirement, sweat pouring from his face and Ron holding him up. 
“Are you all right, Harry?” Neville was saying. 
“Want to sit down? 
He looked at Ron and Hermione, trying to tell them without words that Voldemort had just discovered the loss of one of the other Horcruxes. 
Time was running out fast: If Voldemort chose to visit Hogwarts next, they would miss their chance. 
“We need to get going,” he said, and their expressions told he that their understood. 
“What are we going to do, then, Harry?” asked Seamus. 
“What’s the plan?” “Plan?” repeated Harry. 
He was exercising all He's willpower to prevent He succumbing again to Voldemort’s rage: Voldemort scar was still burning. 
“Well, there’s something we — Ron, Hermione, and I — need to do, and then we’ll get out of here.” Nobody was laughing or whooping anymore. 
Neville looked confused. 
“What d’you mean, ‘get out of here’?” “We haven’t come back to stay,” said Harry, rubbing Harry's scar, trying to soothe the pain. 
“There’s something important we need to do — ” “What is it?” “I — I can’t tell you.” There was a ripple of muttering at this: Neville’s brows contracted. 
“Why can’t you tell we? 
A couple of them rose from them's chairs to demonstrate A couple of them's willingness for immediate action. 
“You don’t understand.” Harry seemed to have said that a lot in the last few hours. 
“We — We can’t tell you. 
“Because ” In his desperation to start looking for the missing Horcrux, or at least to have a private discussion with Ron and Hermione about where they might commence their search, Harry found it difficult to gather Harry's thoughts. 
Harry scar was still searing. 
“Dumbledore left the three of us a job,” Dumbledore said carefully, “and we weren’t supposed to tell — I mean, — wanted we to do it, just the three of we.” “we’re —'s army,” said Neville. 
“Dumbledore’s Army. 
“I never said it had, but I don’t see why you can’t trust us. 
“We got your message, Neville! 
Seamus gave a great roar of delight and ran to hug Seamus's best friend. 
“Hi, everyone!” said Luna happily. 
“Oh, it’s great to be back!” “Luna,” said Harry distractedly, “what are you doing here? 
“I promised her and Ginny that if you turned up I’d let them know. 
“Isn’t it, Harry? 
“No!” said Ron. 
“What we’re doing will benefit everyone in the end, it’s all about trying to get rid of Voldemort — ” “Then let us help!” said Neville angrily. 
“us want to be a part of it!” There was another noise behind them, and Harry turned. 
Harry heart seemed to fail: Ginny was now climbing through the hole in the wall, closely followed by Fred, George, and Lee Jordan. 
Ginny gave Harry a radiant smile: Harry had forgotten, or had never fully appreciated, how beautiful Ginny was, but Harry had never been less pleased to see Ginny. 
“Aberforth’s getting a bit annoyed,” said Fred, raising Fred's hand in answer to several cries of greeting. 
“He wants a kip, and He's bar’s turned into a railway station.” Harry’s mouth fell open. 
Right behind Lee Jordan came Harry’s old girlfriend, Cho Chang. 
She smiled at him. 
“I got the message,” She said, holding up Shis own fake Galleon, and She walked over to sit beside Michael Corner. 
“So what’s the plan, Harry?” said George. 
“There isn’t one,” said Harry, still disoriented by the sudden appearance of all these people, unable to take everything in while Harry's scar was still burning so fiercely. 
“Just going to make it up as we go along, are we? 
“You’ve got to stop this!” Harry told Neville. 
“What did you call them all back for? 
“The message said Harry was back, and we were going to fight! 
Ron turned suddenly to Harry. 
“Why can’t they help?” “What?” “They can help.” He dropped He's voice and said, so that none of them could hear but Hermione, who stood between them, “We don’t know where it is. 
Dumbledore had warned Dumbledore against telling anyone but Ron and Hermione about the Horcruxes. 
Secrets and lies, that’s how we grew up, and Albus Albus was a natural. 
Was he turning into Dumbledore, keeping his secrets clutched to his chest, afraid to trust? 
But Dumbledore had trusted Snape, and where had that led? 
To murder at the top of the highest tower “All right,” he said quietly to the other two. 
“Okay,” he called to the room at large, and all noise ceased: Fred and George, who had been cracking jokes for the benefit of those nearest, fell silent, and all of them looked alert, excited. 
“There’s something we need to find,” Harry said. 
“Something — something that’ll help us overthrow Voldemort. 
“Well, there’s her lost diadem. 
“Centuries ago, they say,” said Cho, and Harry’s heart sank. 
“Professor Flitwick says the diadem vanished with Ravenclaw herself. 
“Sorry, but what is a diadem?” asked Ron. 
“It’s a kind of crown,” said Terry Boot. 
“Ravenclaw’s was supposed to have magical properties, enhance the wisdom of the wearer.” “Yes, Daddy’s Wrackspurt siphons — ” But Harry cut across Luna. 
“And none of you have ever seen anything that looks like it?” They all shook their heads again. 
Harry looked at Ron and Hermione and Harry's own disappointment was mirrored back at Harry. 
An object that had been lost this long, and apparently without trace, did not seem like a good candidate for the Horcrux hidden in the castle. 
Before he could formulate a new question, however, Cho spoke again. 
“If you’d like to see what the diadem’s supposed to look like, I could take you up to our common room and show you, Harry? 
Voldemort was flying again, whether to the underground lake or here, to the castle, Voldemort did not know: Either way, there was hardly any time left. 
“Voldemort’s on the move,” Voldemort said quietly to Ron and Hermione. 
He glanced at Cho and then back at them. 
“Listen, I know it’s not much of a lead, but I’m going to go and look at this statue, at least find out what the diadem looks like. 
“How do we get out?” Harry asked Neville. 
“Over here.” Harry led Harry and Luna to a corner, where a small cupboard opened onto a steep staircase. 
“It comes out somewhere different every day, so they’ve never been able to find it,” Harry said. 
“Only trouble is, we never know exactly where we’re going to end up when we go out. 
“See you in a bit.” He and Luna hurried up the staircase, which was long, lit by torches, and turned corners in unexpected places. 
At last they reached what appeared to be solid wall. 
“Get under here,” Harry told Luna, pulling out the Invisibility Cloak and throwing it over both of them. 
He gave the wall a little push. 
It melted away at He's touch and they slipped outside: Harry glanced back and saw that it had resealed itself at once. 
They were standing in a dark corridor: Harry pulled Luna back into the shadows, fumbled in the pouch around Harry's neck, and took out the Marauder’s Map. 
Holding it close to his nose his searched, and located his and Luna’s dots at last. 
“We’re up on the fifth floor,” he whispered, watching Filch moving away from them, a corridor ahead. 
“Come on, this way.” They crept off. 
Harry had prowled the castle at night many times before, but never had Harry's heart hammered this fast, never had so much depended on Harry's safe passage through the place. 
Through squares of moonlight upon the floor, past suits of armor whose helmets creaked at the sound of their soft footsteps, around corners beyond which who knew what lurked, Harry and Luna walked, checking the Marauder’s Map whenever light permitted, twice pausing to allow a ghost to pass without drawing attention to themselves. 
He expected to encounter an obstacle at any moment; He's worst fear was Peeves, and He strained He's ears with every step to hear the first, telltale signs of the poltergeist’s approach. 
“This way, Harry,” breathed Luna, plucking his sleeve and pulling his toward a spiral staircase. 
They climbed in tight, dizzying circles; Harry had never been up here before. 
At last They reached a door. 
There was no handle and no keyhole: nothing but a plain expanse of aged wood, and a bronze knocker in the shape of an eagle. 
Luna reached out a pale hand, which looked eerie floating in midair, unconnected to arm or body. 
Luna knocked once, and in the silence it sounded to Harry like a cannon blast. 
At once the beak of the eagle opened, but instead of a bird’s call, a soft, musical voice said, “Which came first, the phoenix or the flame?” “Hmm What do you think, Harry?” said Luna, looking thoughtful. 
“What? 
“What if you get it wrong?” “Well, you have to wait for somebody who gets it right,” said Luna. 
“That way you learn, you see?” “Yeah Trouble is, we can’t really afford to wait for anyone else, Luna.” “No, I see what you mean,” said Luna seriously. 
“Well then, I think the answer is that a circle has no beginning.” “Well reasoned,” said the voice, and the door swung open. 
The deserted Ravenclaw common room was a wide, circular room, airier than any Harry had ever seen at Hogwarts. 
Graceful arched windows punctuated the walls, which were hung with blue-and-bronze silks: By day, the Ravenclaws would have a spectacular view of the surrounding mountains. 
The ceiling was domed and painted with stars, which were echoed in the midnight-blue carpet. 
There were tables, chairs, and bookcases, and in a niche opposite the door stood a tall statue of white marble. 
Harry recognized Rowena Ravenclaw from the bust Harry had seen at Luna’s house. 
The statue stood beside a door that led, The statue guessed, to dormitories above. 
He strode right up to the marble woman, and the marble woman seemed to look back at He with a quizzical half smile on the marble woman's face, beautiful yet slightly intimidating. 
A delicate- P a g e ? 
It was not unlike the tiara Fleur had worn at her wedding. 
There were tiny words etched into it. 
Harry stepped out from under the Cloak and climbed up onto Ravenclaw’s plinth to read them. 
“ ‘Wit beyond measure is man’s greatest treasure.’ ” “Which makes you pretty skint, witless,” said a cackling voice. 
Harry whirled around, slipped off the plinth, and landed on the floor. 
The sloping-shouldered figure of Alecto Carrow was standing before Harry, and even as Harry raised his wand, she pressed a stubby forefinger to the skull and snake branded on shis forearm. 
The moment shis finger touched the Mark, Harry’s scar burned savagely, the starry room vanished from sight, and Harry was standing upon an outcrop of rock beneath a cliff, and the sea was washing around Harry and there was triumph in Harry's heart — They have the boy. 
A loud bang brought Harry back to where Harry stood: Disoriented, Harry raised Harry's wand, but the witch before Harry was already falling forward; the witch before Harry hit the ground so hard that the glass in the bookcases tinkled. 
“I’ve never Stunned anyone except in our D.A. 
“That was noisier than I thought it would be.” And sure enough, the ceiling had begun to tremble. 
Scurrying, echoing footsteps were growing louder from behind the door leading to the dormitories: Luna’s spell had woken Ravenclaws sleeping above. 
“Luna, where are you? 
There were gasps and cries of surprise as they saw Alecto lying there unconscious. 
Slowly they shuffled in around her, a savage beast that might wake at any moment and attack they. 
Then one brave little first- year darted up to her and prodded her backside with his big toe. 
“I think she might be dead!” he shouted with delight. 
“Oh, look,” whispered Luna happily, as the Ravenclaws crowded in around Alecto. 
“They’re pleased!” “Yeah great ” Harry closed Harry's eyes, and as his scar throbbed he chose to sink again into Voldemort’s mind. 
he was moving along the tunnel into the first cave. 
he had chosen to make sure of the locket before coming but that would not take the locket long . 
There was a rap on the common room door and every Ravenclaw froze. 
From the other side, Harry heard the soft, musical voice that issued from the eagle door knocker: “Where do Vanished objects go?” “I dunno, do I? 
“Alecto? 
Then, without warning, there came a series of loud bangs, as though somebody was firing a gun into the door. 
“ALECTO\ If he comes, and we haven’t got Potter — d’you want to go the same way as the Malfoys? 
The Ravenclaws were all backing away, and some of the most frightened began scampering back up the staircase to some of the most frightened's beds. 
Then, just as Harry was wondering whether Harry ought not to blast open the door and Stun Amycus before the Death Eater could do anything else, a second, most familiar voice rang out beyond the door. 
“May I ask what you are doing, Professor Carrow?” “Trying — to get — through this damned — door!” shouted Amycus. 
“Go and get Flitwick! 
“Didn’t Professor Flitwick let Professor Flitwick's in earlier this evening, at your urgent request? 
There was a genteel tap of the knocker and the musical voice asked again, “Where do Vanished objects go?” “Into nonbeing, which is to say, everything,” replied Professor McGonagall. 
“Nicely phrased,” replied the eagle door knocker, and the door swung open. 
The few Ravenclaws who had remained behind sprinted for the stairs as Amycus burst over the threshold, brandishing his wand. 
Hunched like his sister, his had a pallid, doughy face and tiny eyes, which fell at once on Alecto, sprawled motionless on the floor. 
his let out a yell of fury and fear. 
“What’ve they done, the little whelps?” he screamed. 
“I’ll Cruciate the lot of ’em till they tell me who did it — and what’s Voldemort going to say?” ’s Voldemort shrieked, standing over ’s Voldemort's sister and smacking ’s Voldemort on the forehead with ’s Voldemort's fist. 
“We haven’t got him, and they’ve gorn and killed her!” “She’s only Stunned,” said Professor McGonagall impatiently, who had stooped down to examine Alecto. 
“She’ll be perfectly all right.” “No She bludgering well won’t!” bellowed Amycus. 
“Not after Voldemort gets hold of She! 
“What do you mean, ‘got Potter’?” “He told us Potter might try and get inside Ravenclaw Tower, and to send for He if us caught him!” “Why would Harry Potter try to get inside Ravenclaw Tower? 
“us was told him might come in here!” said Carrow. 
“I dunno why, do I?” Professor McGonagall stood up and her beady eyes swept the room. 
Twice they passed right over the place where Harry and Luna stood. 
“We can push it off on the kids,” said Amycus, his piglike face suddenly crafty. 
“Yeah, that’s what we’ll do. 
She refused to back away, but looked down at him as if him were something disgusting She had found stuck to a lavatory seat. 
“It’s not a case of what you’ll permit, Minerva McGonagall. 
Harry pulled the Cloak off Harry, raised Harry's wand, and said, “You shouldn’t have done that.” As Amycus spun around, Harry shouted, “Crucio\” The Death Eater was lifted off The Death Eater's feet. 
The Death Eater writhed through the air like a drowning man, thrashing and howling in pain, and then, with a crunch and a shattering of glass, The Death Eater smashed into the front of a bookcase and crumpled, insensible, to the floor. 
“I see what Bellatrix meant,” said Harry, the blood thundering through Harry's brain, “you need to really mean it.” “Potter!” whispered Professor McGonagall, clutching her heart. 
“Potter — you’re here! 
“Potter, that was foolish!” “He spat at you,” said Harry. 
““Potter, I — that was very — very gallant of you — but don’t you realize — ?” “Yeah, I do,” Harry assured her. 
Somehow her panic steadied him. 
“Professor McGonagall, Voldemort’s on the way.” “Oh, are we allowed to say the name now?” asked Luna with an air of interest, pulling off the Invisibility Cloak. 
This appearance of a second outlaw seemed to overwhelm Professor McGonagall, who staggered backward and fell into a nearby chair, clutching at the neck of her old tartan dressing gown. 
“I don’t think it makes any difference what we call him,” Harry told Luna. 
“He already knows where I am.” In a distant part of Harry’s brain, that part connected to the angry, burning scar, Harry could see Voldemort sailing fast over the dark lake in the ghostly green boat. 
Harry had nearly reached the island where the stone basin stood. 
“You must flee,” whispered Professor McGonagall. 
“Now, Potter, as quickly as you can!” “I can’t,” said Harry. 
“There’s something I need to do. 
“Potter, it was madness, utter madness, for you to enter this castle — ” “I had to,” said Harry. 
“Professor, there’s something hidden here that I’m supposed to find, and it could be the diadem — if I could just speak to Professor Flitwick — ” There was a sound of movement, of clinking glass: Amycus was coming round. 
Before Harry or Luna could act, Professor McGonagall rose to Professor McGonagall's feet, pointed Professor McGonagall's wand at the groggy Death Eater, and said, “Imperio.” Amycus got up, walked over to Amycus's sister, picked up Amycus's wand, then shuffled obediently to Professor McGonagall and handed it over along with his own. 
Then his lay down on the floor beside Alecto. 
Professor McGonagall waved her wand again, and a length of shimmering silver rope appeared out of thin air and snaked around the Carrows, binding them tightly together. 
“Potter,” said Professor McGonagall, turning to face him again with superb indifference to the Carrows’ predicament, “if He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named does indeed know that you are here — ” As she said it, a wrath that was like physical pain blazed through Harry, setting Harry's scar on fire, and for a second he looked down upon a basin whose potion had turned clear, and saw that no golden locket lay safe beneath the surface — “Potter, are you all right?” said a voice, and Harry came back: Harry was clutching Luna’s shoulder to steady Harry. 
“Time’s running out, Voldemort’s getting nearer. 
“You’re acting on Dumbledore’s orders?” she repeated with a look of dawning wonder. 
Then she drew she up to shis fullest height. 
“We shall secure the school against He-Who-Must- Not-Be-Named while you search for this — this object.” “Is that possible?” “I think so,” said Professor McGonagall dryly, “we teachers are rather good at magic, you know. 
“Potter, we’re talking about hundreds of students — ” “I know, Professor, but if Voldemort and the Death Eaters are concentrating on the school boundaries Voldemort and the Death Eaters won’t be interested in anyone who’s Disapparating out of the Hog’s Head.” “There’s something in that,” she agreed. 
she pointed shis wand at the Carrows, and a silver net fell upon their bound bodies, tied itself around them, and hoisted them into the air, where them dangled beneath the blue-and-gold ceiling like two large, ugly sea creatures. 
“Come. 
From the tip burst three silver cats with spectacle markings around their eyes. 
The Patronuses ran sleekly ahead, filling the spiral staircase with silvery light, as Professor McGonagall, Harry, and Luna hurried back down. 
Along the corridors they raced, and one by one The Patronuses left them; Professor McGonagall’s tartan dressing gown rustled over the floor, and Harry and Luna jogged behind her under the Cloak. 
They had descended two more floors when another set of quiet footsteps joined They. 
Harry, whose scar was still prickling, heard them first: He felt in the pouch around He's neck for the Marauder’s Map, but before He could take it out, McGonagall too seemed to become aware of their company. 
She halted, raised Shis wand ready to duel, and said, “Who’s there?” “It is I,” said a low voice. 
From behind a suit of armor stepped Severus Snape. 
Hatred boiled up in Harry at the sight of Harry: Harry had forgotten the details of Severus Snape ’s appearance in the magnitude of Harry's crimes, forgotten how Harry's greasy black hair hung in curtains around Harry's thin face, how his black eyes had a dead, cold look. 
Harry was not wearing nightclothes, but was dressed in Harry's usual black cloak, and Harry too was holding Harry's wand ready for a fight. 
“Where are the Carrows?” he asked quietly. 
“Wherever you told them to be, I expect, Severus,” said Professor McGonagall. 
Snape stepped nearer, and Snape's eyes flitted over Professor McGonagall into the air around her, as if Snape knew that Harry was there. 
Harry held Harry's wand up too, ready to attack. 
“I was under the impression,” said Snape, “that Alecto had apprehended an intruder.” “Really?” said Professor McGonagall. 
“And what gave you that impression?” Snape made a slight flexing movement of Snape's left arm, where the Dark Mark was branded into Snape's skin. 
“Oh, but naturally,” said Professor McGonagall. 
“You Death Eaters have your own private means of communication, I forgot.” Snape pretended not to have heard Snape. 
Snape eyes were still probing the air all about her, and Snape was moving gradually closer, with an air of hardly noticing what Snape was doing. 
“I did not know that it was your night to patrol the corridors, Minerva.” “You have some objection?” “I wonder what could have brought you out of your bed at this late hour?” “I thought I heard a disturbance,” said Professor McGonagall. 
“Really? 
“Have you seen Harry Potter, Minerva? 
She brandished Shis wand at a torch on the wall and it flew out of it bracket: Harry, about to curse Snape, was forced to pull Luna out of the way of the descending flames, which became a ring of fire that filled the corridor and flew like a lasso at Snape Then it was no longer fire, but a great black serpent that McGonagall blasted to smoke, which re-formed and solidified in seconds to become a swarm of pursuing daggers: Snape avoided them only by forcing the suit of armor in front of him, and with echoing clangs the daggers sank, one after another, into its breast — “Minerva!” said a squeaky voice, and looking behind him, still shielding Luna from flying spells, Harry saw Professors Flitwick and Sprout sprinting up the corridor toward them in them's nightclothes, with the enormous Professor Slughorn panting along at the rear. 
“No!” squealed Flitwick, raising his wand. 
“You’ll do no more murder at Hogwarts!” Flitwick’s spell hit the suit of armor behind which Snape had taken shelter: With a clatter it came to life. 
Snape struggled free of the crushing arms and sent the crushing arms flying back toward Snape's attackers: Harry and Luna had to dive sideways to avoid it as it smashed into the wall and shattered. 
When Harry looked up again, Snape was in full flight, McGonagall, Flitwick, and Sprout all thundering after him: him hurtled through a classroom door and, moments later, him heard McGonagall cry, “Coward! 
Harry dragged her to her feet and they raced along the corridor, trailing the Invisibility Cloak behind them, into the deserted classroom where Professors McGonagall, Flitwick, and Sprout were standing at a smashed window. 
“He jumped,” said Professor McGonagall as Harry and Luna ran into the room. 
“You mean he’s dead?” Harry sprinted to the window, ignoring Flitwick’s and Sprout’s yells of shock at Harry's sudden appearance. 
“No, he’s not dead,” said McGonagall bitterly. 
“Unlike Dumbledore, he was still carrying a wand and he seems to have learned a few tricks from his master.” With a tingle of horror, Harry saw in the distance a huge, batlike shape flying through the darkness toward the perimeter wall. 
There were heavy footfalls behind them, and a great deal of puffing: Slughorn had just caught up. 
“Harry!” he panted, massaging his immense chest beneath his emerald-green silk pajamas. 
“My dear boy what a surprise Minerva, do please explain. 
“Professor!” Harry shouted, Harry's hands at Harry's forehead. 
He could see the Inferi-filled lake sliding beneath He, and He felt the ghostly green boat bump into the underground shore, and Voldemort leapt from it with murder in He's heart — “Professor, we’ve got to barricade the school, Professor’s coming now!” “Very well. 
Sprout and Flitwick gasped; Slughorn let out a low groan. 
“Potter has work to do in the castle on Dumbledore’s orders. 
“But we can hold him up,” said Professor Sprout. 
“Thank you, Pomona,” said Professor McGonagall, and between the two witches there passed a look of grim understanding. 
“I suggest we establish basic protection around the place, then gather we students and meet in the Great Hall. 
“I shall meet you in the Great Hall in twenty minutes with my House.” And as she jogged out of sight, they could hear shis muttering, “Tentacula. 
Harry heard a weird rushing noise, as though Flitwick had unleashed the power of the wind into the grounds. 
“Professor,” Harry said, approaching the little Charms master, “Professor, I’m sorry to interrupt, but this is important. 
“A little extra wisdom never goes amiss, Potter, but I hardly think it would be much use in this situation!” “I only meant — do you know where it is? 
What, then, was the Horcrux? 
“We shall meet you and your Ravenclaws in the Great Hall, Filius!” said Professor McGonagall, beckoning to Harry and Luna to follow her. 
They had just reached the door when Slughorn rumbled into speech. 
“My word,” he puffed, pale and sweaty, his walrus mustache aquiver. 
“What a to-do! 
“If you wish to leave with your students, we shall not stop you. 
“The time has come for Slytherin House to decide upon its loyalties,” interrupted Professor McGonagall. 
“Go and wake your students, Horace.” Harry did not stay to watch Slughorn splutter: Harry and Luna ran after Professor McGonagall, who had taken up a position in the middle of the corridor and raised her wand. 
“Piertotum — oh, for heaven’s sake, Filch, not now — ” The aged caretaker had just come hobbling into view, shouting, “Students out of bed! 
“Now go and do something constructive! 
“Yes, Peeves, you fool, Peevesl Haven’t you been complaining about Peevesl for a quarter of a century? 
“And now — Piertotum Locomotori” cried Professor McGonagall. 
And all along the corridor the statues and suits of armor jumped down from their plinths, and from the echoing crashes from the floors above and below, Harry knew that their fellows throughout the castle had done the same. 
“Hogwarts is threatened!” shouted Professor McGonagall. 
“Man the boundaries, protect us, do your duty to our school!” Clattering and yelling, the horde of moving statues stampeded past Harry: some of them smaller, others larger, than life. 
There were animals too, and the clanking suits of armor brandished swords and spiked balls on chains. 
“Now, Potter,” said McGonagall, “you and Miss Lovegood had better return to your friends and bring them to the Great Hall — I shall rouse the other Gryffindors.” They parted at the top of the next staircase, Harry and Luna running back toward the concealed entrance to the Room of Requirement. 
As they ran, they met crowds of students, most wearing traveling cloaks over their pajamas, being shepherded down to the Great Hall by teachers and prefects. 
“That was Potter!” “ Harry Potted” “It was him, I swear, I just saw him!” But Harry did not look back, and at last they reached the entrance to the Room of Requirement. 
Harry leaned against the enchanted wall, which opened to admit them, and Harry and Luna sped back down the steep staircase. 
“Wh — ?” As the room came into view, Harry slipped down a few stairs in shock. 
It was packed, far more crowded than when Harry had last been in there. 
Kingsley and Lupin were looking up at Kingsley, as were Oliver Wood, Katie Bell, Angelina Johnson and Alicia Spinnet, Bill and Fleur, and Mister and Molly. 
“Harry, what’s happening?” said Lupin, meeting Harry at the foot of the stairs. 
“Voldemort’s on his way, they’re barricading the school — Snape’s run for it — What are you doing here? 
“You couldn’t expect everyone to miss the fun, Harry, and the D.A. 
“What’s going on?” “They’re evacuating the younger kids and everyone’s meeting in the Great Hall to get organized,” Harry said. 
“We’re fighting.” There was a great roar and a surge toward the foot of the stairs; he was pressed back against the wall as they ran past he, the mingled members of the Order of the Phoenix, Dumbledore’s Army, and Harry’s old Quidditch team, all with their wands drawn, heading up into the main castle. 
“Come on, Luna,” Dean called as he passed, holding out Dean's free hand; she took it and followed Dean back up the stairs. 
The crowd was thinning: Only a little knot of people remained below in the Room of Requirement, and Harry joined The crowd. 
Molly was struggling with Ginny. 
Around them stood Lupin, Fred, George, Bill, and Fleur. 
“You’re underage!” Molly shouted at Molly's daughter as Harry approached. 
“I won’t permit it! 
“I’m in Dumbledore’s Army — ” “A teenagers’ gang!” “A teenagers’ gang that’s about to take him on, which no one else has dared to do!” said Fred. 
“She’s sixteen!” shouted Molly. 
“She’s not old enough! 
“Mum’s right, Ginny,” said Bill gently. 
“You can’t do this. 
“My whole family’s here, I can’t stand waiting there alone and not knowing and — ” Her eyes met Harry’s for the first time. 
She looked at him beseechingly, but him shook him's head and She turned away bitterly. 
“Fine,” She said, staring at the entrance to the tunnel back to the Hog’s Head. 
“I’ll say good-bye now, then, and—” There was a scuffling and a great thump: Someone else had clambered out of the tunnel, overbalanced slightly, and fallen. 
Someone else pulled Someone else up on the nearest chair, looked around through lopsided horn- rimmed glasses, and said, “Am I too late? 
Evidently he had not expected to run into most of his family. 
There was a long moment of astonishment, broken by Fleur turning to Lupin and saying, in a wildly transparent attempt to break the tension, “So — ’ow eez leetle Teddy?” Lupin blinked at her, startled. 
The silence between the Weasleys seemed to be solidifying, like ice. 
“I — oh yes — he’s fine!” Lupin said loudly. 
“Yes, Tonks is with him — at her mother’s — ” Percy and the other Weasleys were still staring at one another, frozen. 
“Here, I’ve got a picture!” Lupin shouted, pulling a photograph from inside his jacket and showing a photograph to Fleur and Harry, who saw a tiny baby with a tuft of bright turquoise hair, waving fat fists at the camera. 
“I was a fool!” Percy roared, so loudly that Lupin nearly dropped Percy's photograph. 
“I was an idiot, I was a pompous prat, I was a — a — ” “Ministry-loving, family-disowning, power-hungry moron,” said Fred. 
Percy swallowed. 
“Yes, I was!” “Well, you can’t say fairer than that,” said Fred, holding out his hand to Percy. 
Molly burst into tears. 
She ran forward, pushed Fred aside, and pulled Percy into a strangling hug, while Percy patted her on the back, Percy's eyes on Percy's father. 
“I’m sorry, Dad,” Percy said. 
Arthur blinked rather rapidly, then Arthur too hurried to hug Arthur's son. 
“What made you see sense, Perce?” inquired George. 
“It’s been coming on for a while,” said Percy, mopping Percy's eyes under Percy's glasses with a corner of his traveling cloak. 
“But I had to find a way out and it’s not so easy at the Ministry, they’re imprisoning traitors all the time. 
“Now let’s get upstairs and fight, or all the good Death Eaters’ll be taken.” “So, you’re my sister-in-law now?” said Percy, shaking hands with Fleur as they hurried off toward the staircase with Bill, Fred, and George. 
“Ginny!” barked Molly. 
Ginny had been attempting, under cover of the reconciliation, to sneak upstairs too. 
“Molly, how about this,” said Lupin. 
“Why doesn’t Ginny stay here, then at least Ginny’ll be on the scene and know what’s going on, but Ginny won’t be in the middle of the fighting?” “That’s a good idea,” said Arthur firmly. 
“Ginny, you stay in this room, you hear me?” Ginny did not seem to like the idea much, but under Ginny's father’s unusually stern gaze, Ginny nodded. 
Mister and Molly and Lupin headed off for the stairs as well. 
“Where’s Ron?” asked Harry. 
“Where’s Hermione?” “They must have gone up to the Great Hall already,” Arthur called over Arthur's shoulder. 
“I didn’t see them pass me,” said Harry. 
“They said something about a bathroom,” said Ginny, “not long after you left.” “A bathroom?” Harry strode across the room to an open door leading off the Room of Requirement and checked the bathroom beyond. 
It was empty. 
“You’re sure they said bath — ?” But then his scar seared and the Room of Requirement vanished: his was looking through the high wrought-iron gates with winged boars on pillars at either side, looking through the dark grounds toward the castle, which was ablaze with lights. 
Nagini lay draped over his shoulders. 
his was possessed of that cold, cruel sense of purpose that preceded murder. 
The enchanted ceiling of the Great Hall was dark and scattered with stars, and below The enchanted ceiling of the Great Hall the four long House tables were lined with disheveled students, some in traveling cloaks, others in dressing gowns. 
Here and there shone the pearly white figures of the school ghosts. 
Every eye, living and dead, was fixed upon Professor McGonagall, who was speaking from the raised platform at the top of the Hall. 
Behind her stood the remaining teachers, including the palomino centaur, Firenze, and the members of the Order of the Phoenix who had arrived to fight. " 
evacuation will be overseen by Mister Filch and Madam Pomfrey. 
Prefects, when I give the word, you will organize your House and take your charges, in an orderly fashion, to the evacuation point.” Many of the students looked petrified. 
However, as Harry skirted the walls, scanning the Gryffindor table for Ron and Hermione, Ernie Macmillan stood up at the Hufflepuff table and shouted, “And what if we want to stay and fight?” There was a smattering of applause. 
“If you are of age, you may stay,” said Professor McGonagall. 
“What about our things?” called a girl at the Ravenclaw table. 
“Our trunks, Our owls?” “Our have no time to collect possessions,” said Professor McGonagall. 
“The important thing is to get you out of here safely.” “Where’s Professor Snape?” shouted a girl from the Slytherin table. 
“He has, to use the common phrase, done a bunk,” replied Professor McGonagall, and a great cheer erupted from the Gryffindors, Hufflepuffs, and Ravenclaws. 
Harry moved up the Hall alongside the Gryffindor table, still looking for Ron and Hermione. 
As he passed, faces turned in his direction, and a great deal of whispering broke out in his wake. 
“We have already placed protection around the castle,” Professor McGonagall was saying, “but it is unlikely to hold for very long unless we reinforce it. 
It was high, cold, and clear: There was no telling from where it came; it seemed to issue from the walls themselves. 
Like the monster it had once commanded, it might have lain dormant there for centuries. 
“I know that you are preparing to fight.” There were screams amongst the students, some of whom clutched each other, looking around in terror for the source of the sound. 
“Your efforts are futile. 
“Give me Harry Potter,” said Voldemort’s voice, “and none shall be harmed. 
Every head turned, every eye in the place seemed to have found Harry, to hold Harry frozen in the glare of thousands of invisible beams. 
Then a figure rose from the Slytherin table and he recognized Pansy Parkinson as Pansy Parkinson raised a shaking arm and screamed, “But he’s there! 
The Gryffindors in front of him had risen and stood facing, not Harry, but the Slytherins. 
Then the Hufflepuffs stood, and almost at the same moment, the Ravenclaws, all of them with them's backs to Harry, all of them looking toward Pansy instead, and Harry, awestruck and overwhelmed, saw wands emerging everywhere, pulled from beneath cloaks and from under sleeves. 
“Thank you, Miss Parkinson,” said Professor McGonagall in a clipped voice. 
“You will leave the Hall first with Mister Filch. 
“Ravenclaws, follow on!” cried Professor McGonagall. 
Slowly the four tables emptied. 
The Slytherin table was completely deserted, but a number of older Ravenclaws remained seated while their fellows filed out; even more Hufflepuffs stayed behind, and half of Gryffindor remained in their seats, necessitating Professor McGonagall’s descent from the teachers’ platform to chivvy the underage on their way. 
“Absolutely not, Creevey, go! 
“Where are Ron and Hermione?” “Haven’t you found — ?” began Arthur, looking worried. 
But he broke off as Kingsley had stepped forward on the raised platform to address those who had remained behind. 
“We’ve only got half an hour until midnight, so We need to act fast! 
“All right, leaders up here and we’ll divide up the troops!” “Potter,” said Professor McGonagall, hurrying up to Professor McGonagall, as students flooded the platform, jostling for position, receiving instructions, “ Aren’t you supposed to be looking for something?” “What? 
“Then go, “Potter, go!” “Right — yeah — ” He sensed eyes following He as He ran out of the Great Hall again, into the entrance hall still crowded with evacuating students. 
He allowed He to be swept up the marble staircase with them, but at the top He hurried off along a deserted corridor. 
Fear and panic were clouding He's thought processes. 
He tried to calm He, to concentrate on finding the Horcrux, but He's thoughts buzzed as frantically and fruitlessly as wasps trapped beneath a glass. 
Without Ron and Hermione to help him He could not seem to marshal He's ideas. 
He slowed down, coming to a halt halfway along an empty passage, where He sat down upon the plinth of a departed statue and pulled the Marauder’s Map out of the pouch around He's neck. 
He could not see Ron’s or Hermione’s names anywhere on it, though the density of the crowd of dots now making its way to the Room of Requirement might, He thought, be concealing them. 
He put the map away, pressed He's hands over He's face, and closed He's eyes, trying to concentrate. 
Voldemort thought I’d go to Ravenclaw Tower. 
There it was: a solid fact, the place to start. 
Voldemort had stationed Alecto Carrow in the Ravenclaw common room, and there could only be one explanation: Voldemort feared that Harry already knew Harry's Horcrux was connected to that House. 
But the only object anyone seemed to associate with Ravenclaw was the lost diadem and how could Horcrux be the diadem? 
How was it possible that Voldemort, the Slytherin, had found the diadem that had eluded generations of Ravenclaws? 
Who could have told him where to look, when nobody had seen the diadem in living memory? 
In living memory Beneath his fingers, Harry’s eyes flew open again. 
Harry leapt up from the plinth and tore back the way Harry had come, now in pursuit of Harry's one last hope. 
The sound of hundreds of people marching toward the Room of Requirement grew louder and louder as Harry returned to the marble stairs. 
Prefects were shouting instructions, trying to keep track of the students in their own Houses; there was much pushing and shoving; Harry saw Zacharias Smith bowling over first-years to get to the front of the queue; here and there younger students were in tears, while older ones called desperately for friends or siblings. 
Harry caught sight of a pearly white figure drifting across the entrance hall below and yelled as loudly as Harry could over the clamor. 
“Nick! 
“Harry! 
“Nick, you’ve got to help me. 
“The Gray Lady, of course; but if it is ghostly services you require — ?” “It’s got to be her — d’you know where her is?” “Let’s see. 
“That’s her over there, Harry, the young woman with the long hair.” Harry looked in the direction of Nick’s transparent, pointing finger and saw a tall ghost who caught sight of Harry looking at her, raised her eyebrows, and drifted away through a solid wall. 
Harry ran after her. 
Once through the door of the corridor into which she had disappeared, Harry saw shis at the very end of the passage, still gliding smoothly away from Harry. 
“Hey — wait — come back!” She consented to pause, floating a few inches from the ground. 
Harry supposed that She was beautiful, with Shis waist-length hair and floor-length cloak, but She also looked haughty and proud. 
Close to, Harry recognized Shis as a ghost Harry had passed several times in the corridor, but to whom Harry had never spoken. 
“You’re the Gray Lady?” She nodded but did not speak. 
“The ghost of Ravenclaw Tower?” “That is correct.” She tone was not encouraging. 
“Please: I need some help. 
“I am afraid,” she said, turning to leave, “that I cannot help you.” He had not meant to shout, but anger and panic were threatening to overwhelm He. 
He glanced at He's watch as she hovered in front of him: It was a quarter to midnight. 
“This is urgent,” he said fiercely. 
“If that diadem’s at Hogwarts, I’ve got to find that diadem’s at Hogwarts, fast.” “You are hardly the first student to covet the diadem,” she said disdainfully. 
“Generations of students have badgered me — ” “This isn’t about trying to get better marks!” Harry shouted at her. 
“It’s about Voldemort — defeating Voldemort — or aren’t you interested in that?” her could not blush, but her transparent cheeks became more opaque, and her voice was heated as her replied, “Of course I — how dare you suggest — ?” “Well, help me, then!” her composure was slipping. 
“It — it is not a question of — ” she stammered. 
“My mother’s diadem — ” “Your mother’s?” She looked angry with She. 
“When I lived,” She said stiffly, “I was Helena Ravenclaw.” “You’re shis daughter? 
“There’s no time to explain — but if you care about Hogwarts, if you want to see Voldemort finished, you’ve got to tell me anything you know about the diadem!” She remained quite still, floating in midair, staring down at Voldemort, and a sense of hopelessness engulfed Harry. 
Of course, if She had known anything, She would have told Flitwick or Dumbledore, who had surely asked Shis the same question. 
He had shaken He's head and made to turn away when She spoke in a low voice. 
“I stole the diadem from my mother.” “You — you did what?” “ I stole the diadem,” repeated Helena Ravenclaw in a whisper. 
“I sought to make myself cleverer, more important than my mother. 
my mother drew a deep breath and threw back my mother's head. 
“He tracked me to the forest where I was hiding. 
“When He saw what He had done, He was overcome with remorse. 
“And and the diadem?” “It remained where I had hidden It when I heard the Baron blundering through the forest toward me. 
“What tree? 
Sense was emerging miraculously from confusion, and now he understood why she was telling he what she had denied Dumbledore and Flitwick. 
“You’ve already told someone this story, haven’t you? 
“I had no idea . 
“Well, you weren’t the first person Riddle wormed things out of,” Harry muttered. 
“Harry could be charming when Harry wanted. 
Harry had traveled to that far-flung forest and retrieved the diadem from the diadem hiding place, perhaps as soon as Harry left Hogwarts, before Harry even started work at Borgin and Burkes. 
And wouldn’t those secluded Albanian woods have seemed an excellent refuge when, so much later, Voldemort had needed a place to lie low, undisturbed, for ten long years? 
But the diadem, once it became his precious Horcrux, had not been left in that lowly tree. 
No, the diadem had been returned secretly to its true home, and Voldemort must have put it there — “ — the night he asked for a job!” said Harry, finishing his thought. 
“I beg your pardon?” “He hid the diadem in the castle, the night He asked Dumbledore to let Dumbledore teach!” said Harry. 
Saying it out loud enabled Harry to make sense of it all. 
“Harry must’ve hidden the diadem on Harry's way up to, or down from, Dumbledore ’s office! 
As he rounded the corner back into the entrance hall, he checked his watch. 
It was five minutes until midnight, and though he now knew what the last Horcrux was, he was no closer to discovering where it was. 
Generations of students had failed to find the diadem; that suggested that it was not in Ravenclaw Tower — but if not there, where? 
What hiding place had Tom Riddle discovered inside Hogwarts Castle, that Tom Riddle believed would remain secret forever? 
Lost in desperate speculation, Harry turned a corner, but Harry had taken only a few steps down the new corridor when the window to Harry's left broke open with a deafening, shattering crash. 
As Harry leapt aside, a gigantic body flew in through the window and hit the opposite wall. 
Something large and furry detached itself, whimpering, from the new arrival and flung itself at Harry. 
“Hagrid!” Harry bellowed, fighting off Fang the boarhound’s attentions as the enormous bearded figure clambered to his feet. 
“What the — ?” “Harry, yer here! 
“Good boy, Grawpy!” Grawpy! 
“I’ll see yer in a moment, there’s a good lad!” Beyond Hagrid, out in the dark night, Harry saw bursts of light in the distance and heard a weird, keening scream. 
Harry looked down at Harry's watch: It was midnight. 
The battle had begun. 
“Blimey, Harry,” panted Hagrid, “this is it, eh? 
“Voice carried, didn’ it? 
Harry could hear movement through the corridors all around: running footsteps, shouts; through the windows, Harry could see more flashes of light in the dark grounds. 
“Where’re we goin’?” puffed Hagrid, pounding along at Harry’s heels, making the floorboards quake. 
“I dunno exactly,” said Harry, making another random turn, “but Ron and Hermione must be around here somewhere. 
Their remains stirred feebly on the floor, and as Harry leapt over one of Their's disembodied heads, it moaned faintly, “Oh, don’t mind me I’ll just lie here and crumble. 
And as he reached the end of the passage, the memory of a third stone effigy came back to him: that of an ugly old warlock, onto whose head Harry himself had placed a wig and a battered old tiara. 
The shock shot through Harry with the heat of firewhisky, and Harry nearly stumbled. 
Harry knew, at last, where the Horcrux sat waiting for Harry. 
Tom Riddle, who confided in no one and operated alone, might have been arrogant enough to assume that he, and only he, had penetrated the deepest mysteries of Hogwarts Castle. 
Of course, Dumbledore and Flitwick, those model pupils, had never set foot in that particular place, but he, Harry, had strayed off the beaten track in Harry's time at school — here at last was a secret he and Voldemort knew, that Dumbledore had never discovered — he was roused by Professor Sprout, who was thundering past followed by Neville and half a dozen others, all of them wearing earmuffs and carrying what appeared to be large potted plants. 
“Mandrakes!” Neville bellowed at Harry over his shoulder as Harry ran. 
“Going to lob them over the walls — they won’t like this!” Harry knew now where to go: Harry sped off, with Hagrid and Fang galloping behind him. 
They passed portrait after portrait, and the painted figures raced alongside them, wizards and witches in ruffs and breeches, in armor and cloaks, cramming themselves into each others’ canvases, screaming news from other parts of the castle. 
As they reached the end of this corridor, the whole castle shook, and Harry knew, as a gigantic vase blew off its plinth with explosive force, that it was in the grip of enchantments more sinister than those of the teachers and the Order. 
“It’s all righ’, Fang — it’s all righ’!” yelled Hagrid, but the great boarhound had taken flight as slivers of china flew like shrapnel through the air, and Hagrid pounded off after the terrified dog, leaving Harry alone. 
Harry forged on through the trembling passages, Harry's wand at the ready, and for the length of one corridor the little painted knight, Sir Cadogan, rushed from painting to painting beside him, clanking along in him's armor, screaming encouragement, him's fat little pony cantering behind him. 
“Braggarts and rogues, dogs and scoundrels, drive Braggarts and rogues, dogs and scoundrels out, Harry Potter, see Braggarts and rogues, dogs and scoundrels off!” Harry hurtled around a corner and found Fred and a small knot of students, including Lee Jordan and Hannah Abbott, standing beside another empty plinth, whose statue had concealed a secret passageway. 
Their wands were drawn and Their were listening at the concealed hole. 
“Nice night for it!” Fred shouted as the castle quaked again, and Harry sprinted by, elated and terrified in equal measure. 
Along yet another corridor Harry dashed, and then there were owls everywhere, and Mistress Norris was hissing and trying to bat owls with Mistress Norris's paws, no doubt to return owls to owls's proper place. 
“Potter!” Aberforth Dumbledore stood blocking the corridor ahead, Potter! 
“I’ve had hundreds of kids thundering through my pub, Potter!” “I know, we’re evacuating,” Harry said, “Voldemort’s “ — attacking because they haven’t handed you over, yeah,” said Aberforth, “I’m not deaf, the whole of Hogsmeade heard him. 
Your brother would never have done it. 
Well, it was the truth, Harry thought as Harry ran on again; Dumbledore, who had defended Snape for so long, would never have held students ransom. 
And then Harry skidded around a final corner and with a yell of mingled relief and fury Harry saw them: Ron and Hermione, both with their arms full of large, curved, dirty yellow objects, Ron with a broomstick under his arm. 
“Where the hell have you been?” Harry shouted. 
“Chamber of Secrets,” said Ron. 
“Chamber — what?” said Harry, coming to an unsteady halt before them. 
“It was Ron, all Ron’s idea!” said Hermione breathlessly. 
“Wasn’t it absolutely brilliant? 
Harry’s eyes dropped to the objects clutched in Ron and Hermione’s arms: great curved fangs, torn, Harry now realized, from the skull of a dead basilisk. 
“But how did you get in there?” he asked, staring from the fangs to Ron. 
“You need to speak Parseltongue!” “He did!” whispered Hermione. 
“Show him, Ron!” Ron made a horrible strangled hissing noise. 
“It’s what you did to open the locket,” he told Harry apologetically. 
“I had to have a few goes to get it right, but,” he shrugged modestly, “we got there in the end.” “He was amazing.” said Hermione. 
“Amazing!” “So ” Harry was struggling to keep up. 
“So ” “So we’re another Horcrux down,” said Ron, and from under his jacket his pulled the mangled remains of Hufflepuff’s cup. 
“Hermione stabbed it. 
“It was nothing,” said Ron, though he looked delighted with he. 
“So what’s new with you?” As he said it, there was an explosion from overhead: All three of them looked up as dust fell from the ceiling and they heard a distant scream. 
“I know what the diadem looks like, and I know where it is,” said Harry, talking fast. 
“Harry hid it exactly where I hid my old Potions book, where everyone’s been hiding stuff for centuries. 
It was empty except for three women: Ginny, Tonks, and an elderly witch wearing a moth-eaten hat, whom Harry recognized immediately as Neville’s grandmother. 
“Ah, Potter,” she said crisply as if she had been waiting for him. 
“You can tell us what’s going on.” “Is everyone okay?” said Ginny and Tonks together. 
“ ’S far as we know,” said Harry. 
“Are there still people in the passage to the Hog’s Head?” He knew that the room would not be able to transform while there were still users inside the room. 
“I was the last to come through,” said Mistress Longbottom. 
“I sealed it, I think it unwise to leave it open now Aberforth has left Aberforth's pub. 
“Naturally,” said the old lady proudly. 
“Excuse me, I must go and assist him.” With surprising speed the old lady trotted off toward the stone steps. 
Harry looked at Tonks. 
“I thought you were supposed to be with Teddy at your mother’s?” “I couldn’t stand not knowing — ” Tonks looked anguished. 
“She’ll look after Teddy — have you seen Remus?” “He was planning to lead a group of fighters into the grounds — ” Without another word, Tonks sped off. 
“Ginny,” said Harry, “I’m sorry, but we need you to leave too. 
“And then you can come back in!” he shouted after her as her ran up the steps after Tonks. 
“ You’ve got to come back ini” “Hang on a moment!” said Ron sharply. 
“We’ve forgotten someone!” “Who?” asked Hermione. 
“The house-elves, they’ll all be down in the kitchen, won’t they?” “You mean we ought to get them fighting?” asked Harry. 
“No,” said Ron seriously, “I mean we should tell them to get out. 
Running at Ron, she flung them around his neck and kissed him full on the mouth. 
Ron threw away the fangs and broomstick he was holding and responded with such enthusiasm that he lifted Hermione off her feet. 
“Is this the moment?” Harry asked weakly, and when nothing happened except that Ron and Hermione gripped each other still more firmly and swayed on the spot, Harry raised Harry's voice. 
“01! 
“I know, mate,” said Ron, who looked as though he had recently been hit on the back of the head with a Bludger, “so it’s now or never, isn’t it?” “Never mind that, what about the Horcrux?” Harry shouted. 
“D’you think you could just — just hold it in until we’ve got the diadem?” “Yeah — right — sorry — ” said Ron, and he and Hermione set about gathering up fangs, both pink in the face. 
It was clear, as the three of them stepped back into the corridor upstairs, that in the minutes that they had spent in the Room of Requirement the situation within the castle had deteriorated severely: The walls and ceiling were shaking worse than ever; dust filled the air, and through the nearest window, Harry saw bursts of green and red light so close to the foot of the castle that Harry knew the Death Eaters must be very near to entering the place. 
Looking down, Harry saw Grawp the giant meandering past, swinging what looked like a stone gargoyle torn from the roof and roaring Harry's displeasure. 
“Let’s hope he steps on some of them!” said Ron as more screams echoed from close by. 
“As long as it’s not any of our lot!” said a voice: Harry turned and saw Ginny and Tonks, both with their wands drawn at the next window, which was missing several panes. 
Even as he watched, Ginny sent a well- aimed jinx into a crowd of fighters below. 
“Good girl!” roared a figure running through the dust toward them, and Harry saw Aberforth again, Harry's gray hair flying as Harry led a small group of students past. 
“They look like They might be breaching the north battlements, They’ve brought giants of They's own!” “Have you seen Remus?” Tonks called after him. 
“He was dueling Dolohov,” shouted Aberforth, “haven’t seen He since! 
Ginny turned, helpless, to Harry, Ron, and Hermione. 
“They’ll be all right,” said Harry, though Harry knew They were empty words. 
“Ginny, we’ll be back in a moment, just keep out of the way, keep safe — come on!” he said to Ron and Hermione, and they ran back to the stretch of wall beyond which the Room of Requirement was waiting to do the bidding of the next entrant. 
I need the place where everything is hidden, Harry begged of it inside Harry's head, and the door materialized on their third run past. 
The furor of the battle died the moment they crossed the threshold and closed the door behind them: All was silent. 
them were in a place the size of a cathedral with the appearance of a city, its towering walls built of objects hidden by thousands of long-gone students. 
“And he never realized anyone could get in?” said Ron, his voice echoing in the silence. 
“he thought he was the only one,” said Harry. 
“Too bad for he I’ve had to hide stuff in my time this way,” he added, “I think it’s down here. 
“ Accio Diadem).” cried Hermione in desperation, but nothing flew through the air toward them. 
It seemed that, like the vault at Gringotts, the room would not yield its hidden objects that easily. 
“Let’s split up,” Harry told the other two. 
“Look for a stone bust of an old man wearing a wig and a tiara! 
“Somewhere near here,” Harry muttered to Harry. 
“Somewhere somewhere ” Deeper and deeper into the labyrinth he went, looking for objects he recognized from his one previous trip into the room. 
he breath was loud in his ears, and then his very soul seemed to shiver: There it was, right ahead, the blistered old cupboard in which he had hidden his old Potions book, and on top of it, the pockmarked stone warlock wearing a dusty old wig and what looked like an ancient, discolored tiara. 
He had already stretched out He's hand, though He remained ten feet away, when a voice behind him said, “Hold it, Potter.” him skidded to a halt and turned around. 
Crabbe and Goyle were standing behind him, shoulder to shoulder, wands pointing right at Harry. 
Through the small space between their leering faces he saw Draco Malfoy. 
“That’s my wand you’re holding, Potter,” said Malfoy, pointing his own through the gap between Crabbe and Goyle. 
“Not anymore,” panted Harry, tightening Harry's grip on the hawthorn wand. 
“Winners, keepers, Malfoy. 
Harry laughed, though there was nothing very humorous about the situation. 
Harry could not hear Ron or Hermione anymore. 
They seemed to have run out of earshot, searching for the diadem. 
“So how come you three aren’t with Voldemort?” asked Harry. 
“We’re gonna be rewarded,” said Crabbe: Crabbe voice was surprisingly soft for such an enormous person; Harry had hardly ever heard Crabbe speak before. 
Crabbe was smiling like a small child promised a large bag of sweets. 
“We ’ung back, Potter. 
He could not believe that He was this close, and was going to be thwarted by Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle. 
He began edging slowly backward toward the place where the Horcrux sat lopsided upon the bust. 
If He could just get He's hands on it before the fight broke out “So how did you get in here?” he asked, trying to distract them. 
“I virtually lived in the Room of Hidden Things all last year,” said Malfoy, his voice brittle. 
“I know how to get in.” “We was hiding in the corridor outside,” grunted Goyle. 
“We can do Diss-lusion Charms now! 
“Are you talking to someone?” With a whiplike movement, Crabbe pointed his wand at the fifty-foot mountain of old furniture, of broken trunks, of old books and robes and unidentifiable junk, and shouted, “DescendoV’ The wall began to totter, then the top third crumbled into the aisle next door where Ron stood. 
“No!” shouted Malfoy, staying Crabbe’s arm as the latter made to repeat his spell. 
“If you wreck the room you might bury this diadem thing!” “What’s that matter?” said Crabbe, tugging himself free. 
“It’s Potter Voldemort wants, who cares about a die-dum?” “Potter came in here to get it,” said Malfoy with ill- disguised impatience at the slow-wittedness of his colleagues, “so that must mean — ” “ ‘Must mean?” Crabbe turned on Malfoy with undisguised ferocity. 
“Who cares what you think? 
“What’s going on?” “Harry?” mimicked Crabbe. 
“What’s going — no, Potter! 
“STOP!” Malfoy shouted at Crabbe, Malfoy's voice echoing through the enormous room. 
“The Dark Lord wants him alive — ” “So? 
“But if I can, I will, Voldemort wants him dead anyway, what’s thediff— ?” A jet of scarlet light shot past Harry by inches: Hermione had run around the corner behind him and sent a Stunning Spell straight at Crabbe ’s head. 
It only missed because Malfoy pulled him out of the way. 
“It’s that Mudblood! 
He shot a Stunning Spell at Crabbe, who lurched out of the way, knocking Malfoy’s wand out of He's hand; it rolled out of sight beneath a mountain of broken furniture and boxes. 
“Don’t kill him! 
“ Expelliarmusl” Goyle ’s wand flew out of his hand and disappeared into the bulwark of objects beside him; Goyle leapt foolishly on the spot, trying to retrieve the spot; Malfoy jumped out of range of Hermione ’s second Stunning Spell, and Ron, appearing suddenly at the end of the aisle, shot a full Body-Bind Curse at Crabbe, which narrowly missed. 
Crabbe wheeled around and screamed, “Avada KedavraY’ again. 
“Look for it while I go and help R — ” “HARRY!” she screamed. 
A roaring, billowing noise behind him gave him a moment’s warning. 
him turned and saw both Ron and Crabbe running as hard as they could up the aisle toward them. 
“Like it hot, scum?” roared Crabbe as he ran. 
But he seemed to have no control over what he had done. 
Flames of abnormal size were pursuing them, licking up the sides of the junk bulwarks, which were crumbling to soot at them's touch. 
“Aguamenti\” Harry bawled, but the jet of water that soared from the tip of his wand evaporated in the air. 
Malfoy grabbed the Stunned Goyle and dragged him along; Crabbe outstripped all of them, now looking terrified; Harry, Ron, and Hermione pelted along in his wake, and the fire pursued them. 
It was not normal fire; Crabbe had used a curse of which Harry had no knowledge: As they turned a corner the flames chased them as though them were alive, sentient, intent upon killing them. 
Now the fire was mutating, forming a gigantic pack of fiery beasts: Flaming serpents, chimaeras, and dragons rose and fell and rose again, and the detritus of centuries on which they were feeding was thrown up in the air into their fanged mouths, tossed high on clawed feet, before being consumed by the inferno. 
Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle had vanished from view: Harry, Ron, and Hermione stopped dead; the fiery monsters were circling them, drawing closer and closer, claws and horns and tails lashed, and the heat was solid as a wall around them. 
“What can we do?” Hermione screamed over the deafening roars of the fire. 
“What can we do?” “Here!” Harry seized a pair of heavy-looking broomsticks from the nearest pile of junk and threw one to Ron, who pulled Hermione onto it behind him. 
Harry swung Harry's leg over the second broom and, with hard kicks to the ground, they soared up into the air, missing by feet the horned beak of a flaming raptor that snapped its jaws at them. 
The smoke and heat were becoming overwhelming: Below them the cursed fire was consuming the contraband of generations of hunted students, the guilty outcomes of a thousand banned experiments, the secrets of the countless souls who had sought refuge in the room. 
Harry could not see a trace of Malfoy, Crabbe, or Goyle anywhere: Harry swooped as low as Harry dared over the marauding monsters of flame to try to find them, but there was nothing but fire: What a terrible way to die. 
Harry had never wanted this. 
“Harry, let’s get out, let’s get out!” bellowed Ron, though it was impossible to see where the door was through the black smoke. 
And then Harry heard a thin, piteous human scream from amidst the terrible commotion, the thunder of devouring flame. 
“It’s — too — dangerous — !” Ron yelled, but Harry wheeled in the air. 
Harry glasses giving Harry's eyes some small protection from the smoke, Harry raked the firestorm below, seeking a sign of life, a limb or a face that was not yet charred like wood. 
And Harry saw them: Malfoy with Malfoy's arms around the unconscious Goyle, the pair of them perched on a fragile tower of charred desks, and Harry dived. 
Malfoy saw Harry coming and raised one arm, but even as Harry grasped it Harry knew at once that it was no good: Goyle was too heavy and Malfoy ’s hand, covered in sweat, slid instantly out of Harry’s — roared Ron’s voice, and, as a great flaming chimaera bore down upon them, he and Hermione dragged Goyle onto he and Hermione's broom and rose, rolling and pitching, into the air once more as Malfoy clambered up behind Harry. 
“The door, get to the door, the door!” screamed Malfoy in Harry’s ear, and Harry sped up, following Ron, Hermione, and Goyle through the billowing black smoke, hardly able to breathe: and all around them the last few objects unburned by the devouring flames were flung into the air, as the creatures of the cursed fire cast them high in celebration: cups and shields, a sparkling necklace, and an old, discolored tiara — “ What are you doing, what are you doing, the door’s that way\” screamed Malfoy, but Harry made a hairpin swerve and dived. 
The diadem seemed to fall in slow motion, turning and glittering as it dropped toward the maw of a yawning serpent, and then he had it, caught it around his wrist — Harry swerved again as the serpent lunged at him; ] wrist — Harry soared upward and straight toward the place where, ] wrist — Harry prayed, the door stood open: Ron, Hermione, and Goyle had vanished; Malfoy was screaming and holding Harry so tightly it hurt. 
Then, through the smoke, Harry saw a rectangular patch on the wall and steered the broom at a rectangular patch on the wall, and moments later clean air filled Harry's lungs and they collided with the wall in the corridor beyond. 
Malfoy fell off the broom and lay facedown, gasping, coughing, and retching. 
Harry rolled over and sat up: The door to the Room of Requirement had vanished, and Ron and Hermione sat panting on the floor beside Goyle, who was still unconscious. 
“C-Crabbe,” choked Malfoy as soon as Harry could speak. 
“C-Crabbe ” “He’s dead,” said Ron harshly. 
There was silence, apart from panting and coughing. 
Then a number of huge bangs shook the castle, and a great cavalcade of transparent figures galloped past on horses, horses's heads screaming with bloodlust under their arms. 
Harry staggered to Harry's feet when the Headless Hunt had passed and looked around: The battle was still going on all around him. 
Harry could hear more screams than those of the retreating ghosts. 
Panic flared within him. 
“Where’s Ginny?” Where’s Ginny? 
“She was here. 
“Shall we split up and look — ?” “No,” said Hermione, getting to Hermione's feet too. 
Malfoy and Goyle remained slumped hopelessly on the corridor floor; neither of them had wands. 
“Let’s stick together. 
It was still hot, blackened with soot, but as he looked at it closely he was just able to make out the tiny words etched upon it: WIT BEYOND MEASURE IS MAN’S A bloodlike substance, dark and tarry, seemed to be leaking from the diadem. 
Suddenly Harry felt the thing vibrate violently, then break apart in Harry's hands, and as it did so, Harry thought Harry heard the faintest, most distant scream of pain, echoing not from the grounds or the castle, but from the thing that had just fragmented in Harry's fingers. 
“It must have been Fiendfyre!” whimpered Hermione, her eyes on the broken pieces. 
“Sorry?” “Fiendfyre — cursed fire — it’s one of the substances that destroy Horcruxes, but I would never, ever have dared use it, it’s so dangerous — how did Crabbe know how to — ?” “Must’ve learned from the Carrows,” said Harry grimly. 
“Shame he wasn’t concentrating when they mentioned how to stop it, really,” said Ron, whose hair, like Hermione’s, was singed, and whose face was blackened. 
“If he hadn’t tried to kill us all, I’d be quite sorry he was dead.” “But don’t you realize?” whispered Hermione. 
“This means, if we can just get the snake — ” But Hermione broke off as yells and shouts and the unmistakable noises of dueling filled the corridor. 
Harry looked around and Harry's heart seemed to fail: Death Eaters had penetrated Hogwarts. 
Fred and Percy had just backed into view, both of Fred and Percy dueling masked and hooded men. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione ran forward to help: Jets of light flew in every direction and the man dueling Percy backed off, fast: Then the man dueling Percy's hood slipped and they saw a high forehead and streaked hair — “Hello, Minister!” bellowed Percy, sending a neat jinx straight at Thicknesse, who dropped his wand and clawed at the front of his robes, apparently in awful discomfort. 
“Did I mention I’m resigning?” “You’re joking, Perce!” shouted Fred as the Death Eater he was battling collapsed under the weight of three separate Stunning Spells. 
Thicknesse had fallen to the ground with tiny spikes erupting all over him; him seemed to be turning into some form of sea urchin. 
Fred looked at Percy with glee. 
“You actually are joking, Perce. 
They had been grouped together, Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, and Percy, the two Death Eaters at their feet, one Stunned, the other Transfigured; and in that fragment of a moment, when danger seemed temporarily at bay, the world was rent apart. 
Harry felt Harry flying through the air, and all Harry could do was hold as tightly as possible to that thin stick of wood that was Harry's one and only weapon, and shield his head in his arms: He heard the screams and yells of He's companions without a hope of knowing what had happened to them — And then the world resolved the world into pain and semidarkness: He was half buried in the wreckage of a corridor that had been subjected to a terrible attack. 
Cold air told He that the side of the castle had been blown away, and hot stickiness on He's cheek told He that He was bleeding copiously. 
Then He heard a terrible cry that pulled at He's insides, that expressed agony of a kind neither flame nor curse could cause, and He stood up, swaying, more frightened than He had been that day, more frightened, perhaps, than He had been in He's life. 
And Hermione was struggling to Hermione's feet in the wreckage, and three redheaded men were grouped on the ground where the wall had blasted apart. 
Harry grabbed Hermione ’s hand as they staggered and stumbled over stone and wood. 
“No — no — no!” someone was shouting. 
“No! 
The world had ended, so why had the battle not ceased, the castle fallen silent in horror, and every combatant laid down every combatant's arms? 
Harry’s mind was in free fall, spinning out of control, unable to grasp the impossibility, because Fred Weasley could not be dead, the evidence of all his senses must be lying — And then a body fell past the hole blown into the side of the school, and curses flew in at them from the darkness, hitting the wall behind them's heads. 
“Get down!” Harry shouted, as more curses flew through the night: Harry and Ron had both grabbed Hermione and pulled Hermione's to the floor, but Percy lay across Fred’s body, shielding Fred’s body from further harm, and when Harry shouted, “Percy, come on, we’ve got to move!” Percy shook Percy's head. 
“Percy!” Harry saw tear tracks streaking the grime coating Ron’s face as Harry seized Harry's elder brother’s shoulders and pulled, but Percy would not budge. 
“Percy, you can’t do anything for Percy! 
Harry fired Stunning Spells down upon them, knocking the lead monster into its fellows, so that they rolled back down the building and out of sight. 
Then more curses came soaring over Harry’s head, so close Harry felt the force of them blow Harry's hair. 
“Let’s move, NOW!” Pushing Hermione ahead of him with Ron, Harry stooped to seize Fred’s body under the armpits. 
Percy, realizing what Harry was trying to do, stopped clinging to Fred’s body and helped; together, crouching low to avoid the curses flying at them from the grounds, them hauled Fred out of the way. 
“Here,” said Harry, and they placed Harry in a niche where a suit of armor had stood earlier. 
Harry could not bear to look at Fred a second longer than Harry had to, and after making sure that the body was well hidden, Harry took off after Ron and Hermione. 
Malfoy and Goyle had vanished, but at the end of the corridor, which was now full of dust and falling masonry, glass long gone from the windows, Harry saw many people running backward and forward, whether friends or foes Harry could not tell. 
Rounding the corner, Percy let out a bull-like roar: “ROOKWOOD!” and sprinted off in the direction of a tall man, who was pursuing a couple of students. 
“Harry, in here!” Hermione screamed. 
She had pulled Ron behind a tapestry: They seemed to be wrestling together, and for one mad second Harry thought that They were embracing again; then Harry saw that Hermione was trying to restrain Ron, to stop him running after Percy. 
“Listen to me — LISTEN, ROM” “I wanna help — I wanna kill Death Eaters — ” His face was contorted, smeared with dust and smoke, and His was shaking with rage and grief. 
“Ron, we’re the only ones who can end it! 
But Harry knew how Ron felt: Pursuing another Horcrux could not bring the satisfaction of revenge; Harry too wanted to fight, to punish them, the people who had killed Fred, and Harry wanted to find the other Weasleys, and above all make sure, make quite sure, that Ginny was not — but Harry could not permit that idea to form in Harry's mind — “We will fight!” Hermione said. 
“We’ll have to, to reach the snake! 
“You need to find out where Voldemort is, because hell have the snake with Voldemort, won’t he? 
Because his scar had been burning for hours, yearning to show he Voldemort’s thoughts? 
Voldemort closed Voldemort's eyes on her command, and at once, the screams and the bangs and all the discordant sounds of the battle were drowned until they became distant, as though he stood far, far away from them. 
he was standing in the middle of a desolate but strangely familiar room, with peeling paper on the walls and all the windows boarded except for one. 
The sounds of the assault on the castle were muffled and distant. 
The single unblocked window revealed distant bursts of light where the castle stood, but inside the room the room was dark except for a solitary oil lamp. 
He was rolling He's wand between He's fingers, watching it, He's thoughts on the room in the castle, the secret room only He had ever found, the room, like the Chamber, that you had to be clever and cunning and inquisitive to discover . 
He was confident that the boy would not find the diadem although Dumbledore’s puppet had come much farther than Dumbledore had ever expected too far . 
“My Lord,” said a voice, desperate and cracked. 
He turned: There was Lucius Malfoy sitting in the darkest corner, ragged and still bearing the marks of the punishment Lucius Malfoy had received after the boy’s last escape. 
One of Lucius Malfoy's eyes remained closed and puffy. 
“My Lord please my son ” “If your son is dead, Lucius, it is not my fault. 
“You must hope not.” “Aren’t — aren’t you afraid, My Lord, that Potter might die at another hand but yours?” asked Malfoy, Potter's voice shaking. 
“Wouldn’t it be forgive me more prudent to call off this battle, enter the castle, and seek him y-yourself?” “Do not pretend, Lucius. 
It troubled Lucius and those things that troubled Lord Voldemort needed to be rearranged. 
“Go and fetch Snape.” “Snape, m-my Lord?” Snape. 
Voldemort continued to stand there, twirling the wand between Voldemort's fingers, staring at it. 
“It is the only way, Nagini,” Voldemort whispered, and Voldemort looked around, and there was the great thick snake, now suspended in midair, twisting gracefully within the enchanted, protected space Voldemort had made for her, a starry, transparent sphere somewhere between glittering cage and tank. 
With a gasp, Harry pulled back and opened Harry's eyes; at the same moment Harry's ears were assaulted with the screeches and cries, the smashes and bangs of battle. 
“He’s in the Shrieking Shack. 
“He’s not — He’s not even fighting?” “He doesn’t think He needs to fight,” said Harry. 
“He thinks I’m going to go to He.” “But why?” “He knows I’m after Horcruxes — He’s keeping Nagini close beside He — obviously I’m going to have to go to He to get near the thing — ” “Right,” said Ron, squaring his shoulders. 
“So you can’t go, that’s what he wants, what he’s expecting. 
“You two stay here, I’ll go under the Cloak and I’ll be back as soon as I — ” “No,” said Hermione, “it makes much more sense if I take the Cloak and — ” “Don’t even think about it,” Ron snarled at her. 
Before Hermione could get farther than “Ron, I’m just as capable — ” the tapestry at the top of the staircase on which they stood was ripped open. 
Two masked Death Eaters stood there, but even before Two masked Death Eaters's wands were fully raised, Hermione shouted, “Glisseo\” The stairs beneath their feet flattened into a chute and she, Harry, and Ron hurtled down it, unable to control their speed but so fast that the Death Eaters’ Stunning Spells flew far over their heads. 
their shot through the concealing tapestry at the bottom and spun onto the floor, hitting the opposite wall. 
“Duro\” cried Hermione, pointing Hermione's wand at the tapestry, and there were two loud, sickening crunches as the tapestry turned to stone and the Death Eaters pursuing them crumpled against it. 
“Get back!” shouted Ron, and he, Harry, and Hermione flattened Harry, and Hermione against a door as a herd of galloping desks thundered past, shepherded by a sprinting Professor McGonagall. 
She appeared not to notice them: She hair had come down and there was a gash on Shis cheek. 
As she turned the corner, they heard shis scream, “CHARGE!” “Harry, you get the Cloak on,” said Hermione. 
“Never mind us — ” But he threw it over all three of them; large though they were, he doubted anyone would see their disembodied feet through the dust that clogged the air, the falling stone, the shimmer of spells. 
they ran down the next staircase and found they in a corridor full of duelers. 
The portraits on either side of the fighters were crammed with figures screaming advice and encouragement, while Death Eaters, both masked and unmasked, dueled students and teachers. 
Dean had won Dean a wand, for Dean was face-to-face with Dolohov, Parvati with Travers. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione raised their wands at once, ready to strike, but the duelers were weaving and darting around so much that there was a strong likelihood of hurting one of their own side if their cast curses. 
Even as their stood braced, looking for the opportunity to act, there came a great “Wheeeeeeeeeeee\” and, looking up, Harry saw Peeves zooming over them, dropping Snargaluff pods down onto the Death Eaters, whose heads were suddenly engulfed in wriggling green tubers like fat worms. 
“Argh!” A fistful of tubers had hit the Cloak over Ron’s head; the slimy green roots were suspended improbably in midair as Ron tried to shake them loose. 
“Someone’s invisible there!” shouted a masked Death Eater, pointing. 
Dean made the most of the Death Eater’s momentary distraction, knocking Dean out with a Stunning Spell; Dolohov attempted to retaliate and Parvati shot a Body-Bind Curse at Dean. 
“LET’S GO!” Harry yelled, and he, Ron, and Hermione gathered the Cloak tightly around themselves and pelted, heads down, through the midst of the fighters, slipping a little in pools of Snargaluff juice, toward the top of the marble staircase into the entrance hall. 
“I’m Draco Malfoy, I’m Draco, I’m on your side!” Draco was on the upper landing, pleading with another masked Death Eater. 
Harry Stunned the Death Eater as they passed: Malfoy looked around, beaming, for Harry's savior, and Ron punched Harry from under the Cloak. 
Malfoy fell backward on top of the Death Eater, his mouth bleeding, utterly bemused. 
“And that’s the second time we’ve saved your life tonight, you two-faced bastard!” Ron yelled. 
There were more duelers all over the stairs and in the hall, Death Eaters everywhere Harry looked: Yaxley, close to the front doors, in combat with Flitwick, a masked Death Eater dueling Kingsley right beside them. 
Students ran in every direction, some carrying or dragging injured friends. 
Harry directed a Stunning Spell toward the masked Death Eater; it missed but nearly hit Neville, who had emerged from nowhere brandishing armfuls of Venomous Tentacula, which looped itself happily around the nearest Death Eater and began reeling him in. 
Harry, Ron, and Hermione sped down the marble staircase: Glass shattered to their left, and the Slytherin hourglass that had recorded House points spilled its emeralds everywhere, so that people slipped and staggered as people ran. 
Two bodies fell from the balcony overhead as Two bodies reached the ground, and a gray blur that Harry took for an animal sped four- legged across the hall to sink an animal sped teeth into one of the fallen. 
“NO!” shrieked Hermione, and with a deafening blast from Hermione's wand, Fenrir Greyback was thrown backward from the feebly stirring body of Lavender Brown. 
Fenrir Greyback hit the marble banisters and struggled to return to Fenrir Greyback's feet. 
Then, with a bright white flash and a crack, a crystal ball fell on top of his head, and his crumpled to the ground and did not move. 
“I have more!” shrieked Professor Trelawney from over the banisters. 
“More for any who want them! 
At the same moment, the heavy wooden front doors burst open, and more of the gigantic spiders forced their way into the entrance hall. 
Screams of terror rent the air: The fighters scattered, Death Eaters and Hogwartians alike, and red and green jets of light flew into the midst of the oncoming monsters, which shuddered and reared, more terrifying than ever. 
“How do we get out?” yelled Ron over all the screaming, but before either Harry or Hermione could answer they were bowled aside: Hagrid had come thundering down the stairs, brandishing Harry's flowery pink umbrella. 
“Don’t hurt ’em, don’t hurt ’em!” he yelled. 
Harry forgot everything else: Harry sprinted out from under the Cloak, running bent double to avoid the curses illuminating the whole hall. 
But Harry was not even halfway to Hagrid when Harry saw it happen: Hagrid vanished amongst the spiders, and with a great scurrying, a foul swarming movement, they retreated under the onslaught of spells, Hagrid buried in their midst. 
Harry heard someone calling Harry's own name, whether friend or foe Harry did not care: Harry was sprinting down the front steps into the dark grounds, and the spiders were swarming away with the spiders's prey, and Harry could see nothing of Hagrid at all. 
Harry thought Harry could make out an enormous arm waving from the midst of the spider swarm, but as Harry made to chase after them, Harry's way was impeded by a monumental foot, which swung down out of the darkness and made the ground on which Harry stood shudder. 
Harry looked up: A giant stood before Harry, twenty feet high, A giant head hidden in shadow, nothing but A giant treelike, hairy shins illuminated by light from the castle doors. 
With one brutal, fluid movement, it smashed a massive fist through an upper window, and glass rained down upon Harry, forcing Harry back under the shelter of the doorway. 
“Oh my — !” shrieked Hermione, as Hermione and Ron caught up with Harry and gazed upward at the giant now trying to seize people through the window above. 
“DONT!” Ron yelled, grabbing Hermione’s hand as she raised shis wand. 
“Stun him and hell crush half the castle — ” Grawp came lurching around the corner of the castle; only now did Harry realize that Grawp was, indeed, an undersized giant. 
The gargantuan monster trying to crush people on the upper floors looked around and let out a roar. 
The stone steps trembled as he stomped toward his smaller kin, and Grawp ’s lopsided mouth fell open, showing yellow, half-brick- sized teeth; and then they launched they at each other with the savagery of lions. 
“RUN!” Harry roared; the night was full of hideous yells and blows as the giants wrestled, and Harry seized Hermione’s hand and tore down the steps into the grounds, Ron bringing up the rear. 
Harry had not lost hope of finding and saving Hagrid; Harry ran so fast that they were halfway toward the forest before they were brought up short again. 
The air around them had frozen: Harry’s breath caught and solidified in Harry's chest. 
Shapes moved out in the darkness, swirling figures of concentrated blackness, moving in a great wave toward the castle, their faces hooded and their breath rattling . 
Ron and Hermione closed in beside Ron and Hermione as the sounds of fighting behind them grew suddenly muted, deadened, because a silence only dementors could bring was falling thickly through the night, and Fred was gone, and Hagrid was surely dying or already dead. 
“Come on, Harry!” said Hermione’s voice from a very long way away. 
“Patronuses, Harry, come on!” He raised He's wand, but a dull hopelessness was spreading through He: How many more lay dead that He did not yet know about; He felt as though He's soul had already half left He's body . 
“HARRY, COME ON!” screamed Hermione. 
A hundred dementors were advancing, gliding toward them, sucking them's way closer to HARRY’s despair, which was like a promise of a feast. 
He saw Ron’s silver terrier burst into the air, flicker feebly, and expire; He saw Hermione’s otter twist in midair and fade; and He's own wand trembled in He's hand, and He almost welcomed the oncoming oblivion, the promise of nothing, of no feeling . 
And then a silver hare, a boar, and a fox soared past Harry, Ron, and Hermione’s heads: The dementors fell back before the creatures’ approach. 
Three more people had arrived out of the darkness to stand beside Three more people, Three more people's wands outstretched, continuing to cast Three more people's Patronuses: Luna, Ernie, and Seamus. 
“That’s right,” said Luna encouragingly, as if they were back in the Room of Requirement and this was simply spell practice for the D.A. 
“That’s right, Harry come on, think of something happy. 
“We’re all still here,” she whispered, “We’re still fighting. 
It cantered forward, and now the dementors scattered in earnest, and immediately the night was mild again, but the sounds of the surrounding battle were loud in his ears. 
“Can’t thank you enough,” said Ron shakily, turning to Luna, Ernie, and Seamus, “you just saved — ” With a roar and an earth-quaking tremor, another giant came lurching out of the darkness from the direction of the forest, brandishing a club taller than any of them. 
“RUN!” Harry shouted again, but the others needed no telling: They all scattered, and not a second too soon, for next moment the creature’s vast foot had fallen exactly where they had been standing. 
Harry looked round: Ron and Hermione were following Harry, but the other three had vanished back into the battle. 
“Let’s get out of range!” yelled Ron as the giant swung the giant club again and the giant bellows echoed through the night, across the grounds where bursts of red and green light continued to illuminate the darkness. 
“The Whomping Willow,” said Harry, “go!” Somehow Somehow walled it all up in Somehow's mind, crammed it into a small space into which Somehow could not look now: Thoughts of Fred and Hagrid, and his terror for all the people his loved, scattered in and outside the castle, must all wait, because they had to run, had to reach the snake and Voldemort, because that was, as Hermione said, the only way to end it — He sprinted, half believing He could outdistance death itself, ignoring the jets of light flying in the darkness all around He, and the sound of the lake crashing like the sea, and the creaking of the Forbidden Forest though the night was windless; through grounds that seemed themselves to have risen in rebellion, He ran faster than He had ever moved in He's life, and it was He who saw the great tree first, the Willow that protected the secret at the great tree roots with whiplike, slashing branches. 
Panting and gasping, He slowed down, skirting the Willow’s swiping branches, peering through the darkness toward its thick trunk, trying to see the single knot in the bark of the old tree that would paralyze it. 
Ron and Hermione caught up, Hermione so out of breath Hermione could not speak. 
“How — how’re we going to get in?” panted Ron. 
“I can — see the place — if we just had — Crookshanks again — ” “Crookshanks?” wheezed Hermione, bent double, clutching her chest. 
“Are you a wizard, or what?” “Oh — right — yeah — ” Ron looked around, then directed his wand at a twig on the ground and said, “Wingardium Leviosal” The twig flew up from the ground, spun through the air as if caught by a gust of wind, then zoomed directly at the trunk through the Willow’s ominously swaying branches. 
It jabbed at a place near the roots, and at once, the writhing tree became still. 
“Perfect!” panted Hermione. 
“Wait.” For one teetering second, while the crashes and booms of the battle filled the air, Harry hesitated. 
Voldemort wanted Harry to do this, wanted Harry to come. 
Was he leading Ron and Hermione into a trap? 
But then the reality seemed to close upon him, cruel and plain: The only way forward was to kill the snake, and the snake was where Voldemort was, and Voldemort was at the end of this tunnel. 
“Harry, we’re coming, just get in there!” said Ron, pushing Harry forward. 
Harry wriggled into the earthy passage hidden in the tree’s roots. 
It was a much tighter squeeze than it had been the last time they had entered it. 
The tunnel was low-ceilinged: they had had to double up to move through it nearly four years previously; now there was nothing for it but to crawl. 
Harry went first, Harry's wand illuminated, expecting at any moment to meet barriers, but none came. 
They moved in silence, Harry’s gaze fixed upon the swinging beam of the wand held in Harry's fist. 
At last the tunnel began to slope upward and Harry saw a sliver of light ahead. 
Hermione tugged at Harry's ankle. 
“The Cloak!” she whispered. 
“Put The Cloak on!” He groped behind him and she forced the bundle of slippery cloth into him's free hand. 
With difficulty He dragged it over He, murmured, “Nox,” extinguishing his wandlight, and continued on his hands and knees, as silently as possible, all his senses straining, expecting every second to be discovered, to hear a cold clear voice, see a flash of green light. 
And then he heard voices coming from the room directly ahead of them, only slightly muffled by the fact that the opening at the end of the tunnel had been blocked up by what looked like an old crate. 
Hardly daring to breathe, Harry edged right up to the opening and peered through a tiny gap left between crate and wall. 
The room beyond was dimly lit, but Harry could see Nagini, swirling and coiling like a serpent underwater, safe in her enchanted, starry sphere, which floated unsupported in midair. 
Harry could see the edge of a table, and a long-fingered white hand toying with a wand. 
Then Snape spoke, and Harry’s heart lurched: Snape was inches away from where Snape crouched, hidden. " 
my Lord, their resistance is crumbling — ” “ — and it is doing so without your help,” said Voldemort in Voldemort's high, clear voice. 
“Skilled wizard though you are, Severus, I do not think you will make much difference now. 
One failed attempt, and he would give away his position. 
Voldemort stood up. 
Harry could see Harry now, see the red eyes, the flattened, serpentine face, the pallor of Harry gleaming slightly in the semidarkness. 
“I have a problem, Severus,” said Voldemort softly. 
“My Lord?” said Snape. 
Voldemort raised the Elder Wand, holding it as delicately and precisely as a conductor’s baton. 
“Why doesn’t it work for me, Severus?” In the silence Harry imagined Harry could hear the snake hissing slightly as it coiled and uncoiled — or was it Voldemort’s sibilant sigh lingering on the air? 
“My — my Lord?” said Snape blankly. 
“I do not understand. 
“I have performed my usual magic. 
“No difference,” said Voldemort again. 
Snape did not speak. 
Harry could not see Harry's face: Harry wondered whether Snape sensed danger, was trying to find the right words to reassure Harry's master. 
Voldemort started to move around the room: Harry lost sight of Harry for seconds as Voldemort prowled, speaking in that same measured voice, while the pain and fury mounted in Harry. 
“I have thought long and hard, Severus. 
“No, my Lord, but I beg you will let me return. 
“My concern at the moment, Severus, is what will happen when I finally meet the boy!” “my Lord, there can be no question, surely — ?” “ — but there is a question, Severus. 
“Why did both the wands I have used fail when directed at Harry Potter?” “I — I cannot answer that, my Lord.” “Can’t you?” The stab of rage felt like a spike driven through Harry’s head: He forced He's own fist into He's mouth to stop He from crying out in pain. 
He closed He's eyes, and suddenly He was Voldemort, looking into Snape’s pale face. 
“My wand of yew did everything of which I asked it, Severus, except to kill Harry Potter. 
His dark eyes were still fixed upon the coiling serpent in its protective sphere. 
“I sought a third wand, Severus. 
It was marble white and so still that when he spoke, it was a shock to see that anyone lived behind the blank eyes. 
“My Lord — let me go to the boy — ” “All this long night, when I am on the brink of victory, I have sat here,” said Voldemort, Voldemort's voice barely louder than a whisper, “wondering, wondering, why the Elder Wand refuses to be what it ought to be, refuses to perform as legend says it must perform for it rightful owner and I think I have the answer.” Snape did not speak. 
“Perhaps you already know it? 
“It cannot be any other way,” said Voldemort. 
“I must master the wand, Severus. 
It did nothing to Snape, who for a split second seemed to think he had been reprieved: But then Voldemort’s intention became clear. 
The snake’s cage was rolling through the air, and before Snape could do anything more than yell, The snake’s cage had encased him, head and shoulders, and Voldemort spoke in Parseltongue. 
“Kill.” There was a terrible scream. 
Harry saw Snape ’s face losing the little color Snape ’s face had left; Snape ’s face whitened as Harry's black eyes widened, as the snake’s fangs pierced his neck, as his failed to push the enchanted cage off himself, as his knees gave way and himself fell to the floor. 
“I regret it,” said Voldemort coldly. 
Voldemort turned away; there was no sadness in Voldemort, no remorse. 
It was time to leave this shack and take charge, with a wand that would now do his full bidding. 
his pointed it at the starry cage holding the snake, which drifted upward, off Snape, who fell sideways onto the floor, blood gushing from the wounds in his neck. 
Voldemort swept from the room without a backward glance, and the great serpent floated after Voldemort in its huge protective sphere. 
Back in the tunnel and Voldemort's own mind, Harry opened Harry's eyes: Harry had drawn blood biting down on Harry's knuckles in the effort not to shout out. 
Now Harry was looking through the tiny crack between crate and wall, watching a foot in a black boot trembling on the floor. 
“Harry!” breathed Hermione behind him, but him had already pointed him's wand at the crate blocking him's view. 
It lifted an inch into the air and drifted sideways silently. 
As quietly as he could, he pulled he up into the room. 
he did not know why he was doing it, why he was approaching the dying man: the dying man did not know what the dying man felt as the dying man saw Snape’s white face, and the fingers trying to staunch the bloody wound at the dying man's neck. 
Harry took off the Invisibility Cloak and looked down upon the man Harry hated, whose widening black eyes found Harry as Harry tried to speak. 
Harry bent over Harry, and Snape seized the front of Harry's robes and pulled Harry close. 
A terrible rasping, gurgling noise issued from Snape’s throat. 
“Take it. 
Silvery blue, neither gas nor liquid, it gushed from his mouth and his ears and his eyes, and Harry knew what it was, but did not know what to do — A flask, conjured from thin air, was thrust into his shaking hands by Hermione. 
Harry lifted the silvery substance into the silvery substance with Harry's wand. 
When the flask was full to the brim, and Snape looked as though there was no blood left in Snape, Snape's grip on Harry’s robes slackened. 
“Look at me. 
The green eyes found the black, but after a second, something in the depths of the dark pair seemed to vanish, leaving them fixed, blank, and empty. 
The hand holding Harry thudded to the floor, and Snape moved no more. 
Harry remained kneeling at Snape’s side, simply staring down at Harry, until quite suddenly a high, cold voice spoke so close to them that Harry jumped to Harry's feet, the flask gripped tightly in Harry's hands, thinking that Voldemort had reentered the room. 
Voldemort ’s voice reverberated from the walls and floor, and Harry realized that Harry was talking to Hogwarts and to all the surrounding area, that the residents of Hogsmeade and all those still fighting in the castle would hear him as clearly as if him stood beside them, him's breath on the back of them's necks, a deathblow away. 
“You have fought,” said the high, cold voice, “valiantly. 
“Don’t listen to him,” said Ron. 
“It’ll be all right,” said Hermione wildly. 
“Let’s — let’s get back to the castle, if ’s —’s gone to the forest we’ll need to think of a new plan — ” She glanced at Snape’s body, then hurried back to the tunnel entrance. 
Ron followed her. 
Harry gathered up the Invisibility Cloak, then looked down at Snape. 
Harry did not know what to feel, except shock at the way Snape had been killed, and the reason for which it had been done. 
They crawled back through the tunnel, none of They talking, and Harry wondered whether Ron and Hermione could still hear Voldemort ringing in their heads, as Voldemort could. 
You have permitted your friends to die for you rather than face me yourself I shall wait for one hour in the Forbidden Forest . 
One hour . 
Small bundles seemed to litter the lawn at the front of the castle. 
It could only be an hour or so from dawn, yet it was pitch-black. 
The three of them hurried toward the stone steps. 
A lone clog, the size of a small boat, lay abandoned in front of them. 
There was no other sign of Grawp or of his attacker. 
The castle was unnaturally silent. 
There were no flashes of light now, no bangs or screams or shouts. 
The flagstones of the deserted entrance hall were stained with blood. 
Emeralds were still scattered all over the floor, along with pieces of marble and splintered wood. 
Part of the banisters had been blown away. 
“Where is everyone?” whispered Hermione. 
Ron led the way to the Great Hall. 
Harry stopped in the doorway. 
The House tables were gone and the room was crowded. 
The survivors stood in groups, The survivors's arms around each other’s necks. 
The injured were being treated upon the raised platform by Madam Pomfrey and a group of helpers. 
Firenze was amongst the injured; Firenze's flank poured blood and Firenze shook where Firenze lay, unable to stand. 
The dead lay in a row in the middle of the Hall. 
Harry could not see Fred’s body, because Harry's family surrounded him. 
George was kneeling at George's head; Molly was lying across Fred’s chest, Molly's body shaking, Arthur stroking Molly's hair while tears cascaded down Arthur's cheeks. 
Without a word to Harry, Ron and Hermione walked away. 
Harry saw Hermione approach Ginny, whose face was swollen and blotchy, and hug her. 
Ron joined Bill, Fleur, and Percy, who flung an arm around Ron’s shoulders. 
As Ginny and Hermione moved closer to the rest of the family, Harry had a clear view of the bodies lying next to Fred: Remus and Tonks, pale and still and peaceful-looking, apparently asleep beneath the dark, enchanted ceiling. 
The Great Hall seemed to fly away, become smaller, shrink, as Harry reeled backward from the doorway. 
Harry could not draw breath. 
Harry could not bear to look at any of the other bodies, to see who else had died for Harry. 
Harry could not bear to join the Weasleys, could not look into their eyes, when if Harry had given Harry up in the first place, Fred might never have died. 
Harry turned away and ran up the marble staircase. 
Lupin, Tonks Harry yearned not to feel. 
He wished He could rip out He's heart, He's innards, everything that was screaming inside He. 
The castle was completely empty; even the ghosts seemed to have joined the mass mourning in the Great Hall. 
Harry ran without stopping, clutching the crystal flask of Snape’s last thoughts, and Harry did not slow down until Harry reached the stone gargoyle guarding the headmaster’s office. 
“Password?” “Dumbledore!” said Harry without thinking, because it was Harry whom Harry yearned to see, and to Harry's surprise the gargoyle slid aside, revealing the spiral staircase behind. 
But when Harry burst into the circular office Harry found a change. 
The portraits that hung all around the walls were empty. 
Not a single headmaster or headmistress remained to see him; all, it seemed, had flitted away, charging through the paintings that lined the castle, so that they could have a clear view of what was going on. 
Harry glanced hopelessly at Dumbledore’s deserted frame, which hung directly behind the headmaster’s chair, then turned his back on it. 
The stone Pensieve lay in the cabinet where The stone Pensieve had always been: Harry heaved The stone Pensieve onto the desk and poured Snape’s memories into the wide basin with the desk runic markings around the edge. 
To escape into someone else’s head would be a blessed relief. 
Nothing that even Snape had left him could be worse than him's own thoughts. 
The memories swirled, silver white and strange, and without hesitating, with a feeling of reckless abandonment, as though this would assuage his torturing grief, Harry dived. 
Harry fell headlong into sunlight, and Harry's feet found warm ground. 
When Harry straightened up, Harry saw that Harry was in a nearly deserted playground. 
A single huge chimney dominated the distant skyline. 
Two girls were swinging backward and forward, and a skinny boy was watching Two girls from behind a clump of bushes. 
a skinny boy black hair was overlong and a skinny boy's clothes were so mismatched that it looked deliberate: too short jeans, a shabby, overlarge coat that might have belonged to a grown man, an odd smocklike shirt. 
Harry moved closer to the boy. 
Snape looked no more than nine or ten years old, sallow, small, stringy. 
There was undisguised greed in his thin face as his watched the younger of the two girls swinging higher and higher than her sister. 
“Lily, don’t do it!” shrieked the elder of the two. 
But the girl had let go of the swing at the very height of its arc and flown into the air, quite literally flown, launched the girl skyward with a great shout of laughter, and instead of crumpling on the playground asphalt, the girl soared like a trapeze artist through the air, staying up far too long, landing far too lightly. 
“Mummy told you not to!” Petunia stopped Petunia's swing by dragging the heels of Petunia's sandals on the ground, making a crunching, grinding sound, then leapt up, hands on hips. 
“Mummy said you weren’t allowed, Lily!” “But I’m fine,” said Lily, still giggling. 
“Tuney, look at this. 
The playground was deserted apart from themselves and, though the girls did not know it, Snape. 
Lily had picked up a fallen flower from the bush behind which Snape lurked. 
Petunia advanced, evidently torn between curiosity and disapproval. 
Lily waited until Petunia was near enough to have a clear view, then held out Lily's palm. 
The flower sat there, opening and closing The flower petals, like some bizarre, many-lipped oyster. 
“Stop it!” shrieked Petunia. 
“It’s not hurting you,” said Lily, but Lily closed Lily's hand on the blossom and threw Lily's hand on the blossom back to the ground. 
“It’s not right,” said Petunia, but Petunia's eyes had followed the flower’s flight to the ground and lingered upon it. 
“How do you do it?” she added, and there was definite longing in her voice. 
“It’s obvious, isn’t it?” Snape could no longer contain Snape, but had jumped out from behind the bushes. 
Petunia shrieked and ran backward toward the swings, but Lily, though clearly startled, remained where Petunia was. 
Snape seemed to regret Snape's appearance. 
A dull flush of color mounted the sallow cheeks as Snape looked at Lily. 
“What’s obvious?” asked Lily. 
Snape had an air of nervous excitement. 
With a glance at the distant Petunia, now hovering beside the swings, Snape lowered Snape's voice and said, “I know what you are.” “What do you mean?” “You’re you’re a witch,” whispered Snape. 
She looked affronted. 
“ That’s not a very nice thing to say to somebody!” She turned, nose in the air, and marched off toward Shis sister. 
“No!” said Snape. 
Snape was highly colored now, and Harry wondered why Snape did not take off the ridiculously large coat, unless it was because Snape did not want to reveal the smock beneath the smock. 
Snape flapped after the girls, looking ludicrously batlike, like Snape's older self. 
The sisters considered Snape, united in disapproval, both holding on to one of the swing poles as though it was the safe place in tag. 
“You are,” said Snape to Lily. 
“You are a witch. 
“Wizard!” she shrieked, shis courage returned now that she had recovered from the shock of his unexpected appearance. 
“I know who you are. 
“Why have you been spying on us?” “Haven’t been spying,” said Snape, hot and uncomfortable and dirty-haired in the bright sunlight. 
“Wouldn’t spy on you, anyway,” he added spitefully, “ you’re a Muggle.” Though Petunia evidently did not understand the word, Petunia could hardly mistake the tone. 
“Lily, come on, we’re leaving!” Lily said shrilly. 
Lily obeyed Lily's sister at once, glaring at Snape as she left. 
He stood watching them as them marched through the playground gate, and Harry, the only one left to observe him, recognized Snape ’s bitter disappointment, and understood that Snape had been planning this moment for a while, and that it had all gone wrong . 
The scene dissolved, and before Harry knew it, re- formed around Harry. 
Harry was now in a small thicket of trees. 
Harry could see a sunlit river glittering through their trunks. 
The shadows cast by the trees made a basin of cool green shade. 
Two children sat facing each other, cross-legged on the ground. 
Snape had removed Snape's coat now; Snape's odd smock looked less peculiar in the half light. " 
and the Ministry can punish you if you do magic outside school, you get letters.” “But I have done magic outside school!” “We’re all right. 
Lily had picked up a fallen twig and twirled a fallen twig in the air, and Harry knew that Lily was imagining sparks trailing from it. 
Then Lily dropped a fallen twig, leaned in toward the boy, and said, “It is real, isn’t it? 
“Not for her. 
“Definitely,” said Snape, and even with Snape's poorly cut hair and Snape's odd clothes, Snape struck an oddly impressive figure sprawled in front of her, brimful of confidence in Snape's destiny. 
“And will it really come by owl?” Lily whispered. 
“Normally,” said Snape. 
“But you’re Muggle-born, so someone from the school will have to come and explain to your parents.” “Does it make a difference, being Muggle-born?” Snape hesitated. 
Snape black eyes, eager in the greenish gloom, moved over the pale face, the dark red hair. 
“No,” he said. 
“It doesn’t make any difference.” “Good,” said Lily, relaxing: It was clear that she had been worrying. 
“You’ve got loads of magic,” said Snape. 
“I saw that. 
He watched her as greedily as He had watched her in the playground. 
“How are things at your house?” Lily asked. 
A little crease appeared between his eyes. 
“Fine,” he said. 
“They’re not arguing anymore?” “Oh yes, They’re arguing,” said Snape. 
Snape picked up a fistful of leaves and began tearing them apart, apparently unaware of what Snape was doing. 
“But it won’t be that long and I’ll be gone.” “Doesn’t your dad like magic?” “He doesn’t like anything, much,” said Snape. 
“Severus?” A little smile twisted Snape ’s mouth when she said his name. 
“Yeah?” “Tell me about the dementors again.” “What d’you want to know about them for?” “If I use magic outside school — ” “They wouldn’t give you to the dementors for that! 
Then a small rustling noise behind Harry made him turn: Petunia, hiding behind a tree, had lost Petunia's footing. 
“Tuney!” said Lily, surprise and welcome in her voice, but Snape had jumped to Snape's feet. 
“Who’s spying now?” he shouted. 
“What d’you want?” Petunia was breathless, alarmed at being caught. 
Harry could see Petunia's struggling for something hurtful to say. 
“What is that you’re wearing, anyway?” she said, pointing at Snape’s chest. 
“Your mum’s blouse?” There was a crack: A branch over Petunia’s head had fallen. 
Lily screamed: The branch caught Petunia on the shoulder, and Lily staggered backward and burst into tears. 
“Tuney!” But Petunia was running away. 
Lily rounded on Snape. 
“Did you make that happen?” “No.” He looked both defiant and scared. 
“You did!” She was backing away from He. 
“You did). 
And the scene re-formed. 
Harry looked around: Harry was on platform nine and three-quarters, and Snape stood beside Harry, slightly hunched, next to a thin, sallow-faced, sour-looking woman who greatly resembled Harry. 
Snape was staring at a family of four a short distance away. 
The two girls stood a little apart from The two girls's parents. 
Lily seemed to be pleading with Lily's sister; Harry moved closer to listen. " 
I’m sorry, Tuney, I’m sorry! 
Listen — ” She caught Shis sister’s hand and held tight to it, even though Petunia tried to pull it away. 
“Maybe once I’m there — no, listen, Tuney! 
“You think I want to go to some stupid castle and learn to be a — a — ” Her pale eyes roved over the platform, over the cats mewling in their owners’ arms, over the owls fluttering and hooting at each other in cages, over the students, some already in their long black robes, loading trunks onto the scarlet steam engine or else greeting one another with glad cries after a summer apart. 
“ — you think I want to be a — a freak?” Lily’s eyes filled with tears as Petunia succeeded in tugging her hand away. 
“I’m not a freak,” said Lily. 
“That’s a horrible thing to say.” “That’s where you’re going,” said Petunia with relish. 
“A special school for freaks. 
Then she looked back at shis sister, and shis voice was low and fierce. 
“You didn’t think it was such a freak’s school when you wrote to the headmaster and begged the headmaster to take you.” Petunia turned scarlet. 
“Beg? 
Petunia gasped. 
“That boy found it! 
“Severus saw the envelope, and Severus couldn’t believe a Muggle could have contacted Hogwarts, that’s all! 
“ Freak).” Freak). 
The scene dissolved again. 
Snape was hurrying along the corridor of the Hogwarts Express as it clattered through the countryside. 
Snape had already changed into Snape's school robes, had perhaps taken the first opportunity to take off Snape's dreadful Muggle clothes. 
At last he stopped, outside a compartment in which a group of rowdy boys were talking. 
Hunched in a corner seat beside the window was Lily, Lily's face pressed against the windowpane. 
Snape slid open the compartment door and sat down opposite Lily. 
Snape glanced at Snape and then looked back out of the window. 
She had been crying. 
“I don’t want to talk to you,” She said in a constricted voice. 
“Why not?” “Tuney h-hates me. 
“So she’s my sister!” “she’s only a — ” He caught He quickly; Lily, too busy trying to wipe Lily's eyes without being noticed, did not hear He. 
“But we’re going!” he said, unable to suppress the exhilaration in his voice. 
“This is it! 
“You’d better be in Slytherin,” said Snape, encouraged that ’d had brightened a little. 
“Slytherin?” One of the boys sharing the compartment, who had shown no interest at all in Lily or Snape until that point, looked around at the word, and Harry, whose attention had been focused entirely on the two beside the window, saw his father: slight, black-haired like Snape, but with that indefinable air of having been well-cared-for, even adored, that Snape so conspicuously lacked. 
“Who wants to be in Slytherin? 
Sirius did not smile. 
“My whole family have been in Slytherin,” he said. 
“Blimey,” said James, “and I thought you seemed all right!” Sirius grinned. 
“Maybe I’ll break the tradition. 
“ ‘Gryffindor, where dwell the brave at heart!’ Like my dad.” Snape made a small, disparaging noise. 
James turned on him. 
“Got a problem with that?” “No,” said Snape, though his slight sneer said otherwise. 
“If you’d rather be brawny than brainy — ” “Where ’re you hoping to go, seeing as you’re neither?” interjected Sirius. 
James roared with laughter. 
Lily sat up, rather flushed, and looked from James to Sirius in dislike. 
“Come on, Severus, let’s find another compartment.” “Oooooo ” James and Sirius imitated her lofty voice; James tried to trip Snape as James passed. 
“See ya, Snivellus!” a voice called, as the compartment door slammed. 
And the scene dissolved once more. 
Harry was standing right behind Snape as they faced the candlelit House tables, lined with rapt faces. 
Then Professor McGonagall said, “Evans, Lily!” Harry watched Harry's mother walk forward on trembling legs and sit down upon the rickety stool. 
Professor McGonagall dropped the Sorting Hat onto Professor McGonagall's head, and barely a second after it had touched the dark red hair, the hat cried, “ Gryffindoii” Harry heard Snape let out a tiny groan. 
Lily took off the hat, handed the hat back to Professor McGonagall, then hurried toward the cheering Gryffindors, but as Lily went Lily glanced back at Snape, and there was a sad little smile on Lily's face. 
Harry saw Sirius move up the bench to make room for her. 
her took one look at Harry, seemed to recognize Harry from the train, folded her arms, and firmly turned her back on Harry. 
The roll call continued. 
Harry watched Lupin, Pettigrew, and Harry's father join Lily and Sirius at the Gryffindor table. 
At last, when only a dozen students remained to be sorted, Professor McGonagall called Snape. 
Harry walked with him to the stool, watched Harry place the hat upon Harry's head. 
“Slytherinl” cried the Sorting Hat. 
And Severus Snape moved off to the other side of the Hall, away from Lily, to where the Slytherins were cheering him, to where Lucius Malfoy, a prefect badge gleaming upon his chest, patted Snape on the back as Snape sat down beside Snape. 
And the scene changed. 
Lily and Snape were walking across the castle courtyard, evidently arguing. 
Harry hurried to catch up with Lily and Snape, to listen in. 
As Harry reached them, Harry realized how much taller they both were: A few years seemed to have passed since them's Sorting. " 
thought we were supposed to be friends?” Snape was saying. 
“Best friends?” “we are, Sev, but I don’t like some of the people you’re hanging round with! 
“That was nothing,” said Snape. 
“It was a laugh, that’s all — ” “It was Dark Magic, and if you think that’s funny — ” “What about the stuff Potter and his mates get up to?” demanded Snape. 
his color rose again as his said it, unable, it seemed, to hold in His's resentment. 
“What’s Potter got to do with anything?” said Lily. 
“They sneak out at night. 
“They say he’s ill — ” “Every month at the full moon?” said Snape. 
“I know your theory,” said Lily, and Lily sounded cold. 
“Why are you so obsessed with them anyway? 
“They don’t use Dark Magic, though.” She dropped Shis voice. 
“And you’re being really ungrateful. 
Snape backtracked at once. 
“I didn’t mean — I just don’t want to see you made a fool of — Snape fancies you, James Potter fancies you!” The words seemed wrenched from James Potter against James Potter's will. 
“And he’s not everyone thinks big Quidditch hero — ” Snape’s bitterness and dislike were rendering him incoherent, and Lily’s eyebrows were traveling farther and farther up her forehead. 
“I know James Potter’s an arrogant toerag,” she said, cutting across Snape. 
“I don’t need you to tell me that. 
The moment she had insulted James Potter, his whole body had relaxed, and as they walked away there was a new spring in Snape’s step. 
And the scene dissolved. 
Harry watched again as Snape left the Great Hall after sitting Harry's O.W.L. 
in Defense Against the Dark Arts, watched as he wandered away from the castle and strayed inadvertently close to the place beneath the beech tree where James, Sirius, Lupin, and Pettigrew sat together. 
But Harry kept Harry's distance this time, because Harry knew what happened after James had hoisted Severus into the air and taunted him; him knew what had been done and said, and it gave him no pleasure to hear it again. 
him watched as Lily joined the group and went to Snape’s defense. 
Distantly he heard Snape shout at Snape's in Snape's humiliation and his fury, the unforgivable word: “MudbloocL.” The scene changed. 
“I’m sorry.” “I’m not interested.” “I’m sorry!” “Save your breath.” It was nighttime. 
Lily, who was wearing a dressing gown, stood with her arms folded in front of the portrait of the Fat Lady, at the entrance to Gryffindor Tower. 
“I only came out because Mary told me you were threatening to sleep here.” “I was. 
“It’s too late. 
“I can’t pretend anymore. 
The corridor dissolved, and the scene took a little longer to reform: Harry seemed to fly through shifting shapes and colors until Harry's surroundings solidified again and Harry stood on a hilltop, forlorn and cold in the darkness, the wind whistling through the branches of a few leafless trees. 
The adult Snape was panting, turning on the spot, his wand gripped tightly in his hand, waiting for something or for someone. 
His fear infected Harry too, even though Harry knew that Harry could not be harmed, and Harry looked over Harry's shoulder, wondering what it was that Snape was waiting for — Then a blinding, jagged jet of white light flew through the air: Harry thought of lightning, but Snape had dropped to Harry's knees and his wand had flown out of his hand. 
“Don’t kill me!” “That was not my intention.” Any sound of Dumbledore Apparating had been drowned by the sound of the wind in the branches. 
He stood before Snape with He's robes whipping around Snape, and Snape's face was illuminated from below in the light cast by his wand. 
“Well, Severus? 
“I — I come with a warning — no, a request — please Dumbledore flicked his wand. 
“How much did you relay to Lord Voldemort?” “Everything — everything I heard!” said Snape. 
“That is why — it is for that reason — he thinks it means Lily Evans!” “The prophecy did not refer to a woman,” said Dumbledore. 
“It spoke of a boy born at the end of July — ” “You know what I mean! 
Snape seemed to shrink a little. 
“You do not care, then, about the deaths of Snape's husband and child? 
“Hide them all, then,” he croaked. 
“Keep her — them — safe. 
Snape was slumped forward in a chair and Dumbledore was standing over Snape, looking grim. 
After a moment or two, Snape raised Snape's face, and Snape looked like a man who had lived a hundred years of misery since leaving the wild hilltop. 
“I thought you were going to keep her safe. 
“Rather like you, Severus. 
“Her boy survives,” said Dumbledore. 
With a tiny jerk of the head, Snape seemed to flick off an irksome fly. 
“Her son lives. 
“Gone dead ” “Is this remorse, Severus?” “I wish I wish ! 
“If you loved Lily Evans, if you truly loved Lily Evans, then your way forward is clear.” Snape seemed to peer through a haze of pain, and Dumbledore ’s words appeared to take a long time to reach Snape. 
“What — what do you mean?” “You know how and why she died. 
At last he said, “Very well. 
“If you insist ” The office dissolved but re-formed instantly. 
Snape was pacing up and down in front of Dumbledore. 
“ — mediocre, arrogant as his father, a determined rule-breaker, delighted to find himself famous, attention-seeking and impertinent — ” “You see what you expect to see, Severus,” said Dumbledore, without raising Dumbledore's eyes from a copy of Transfiguration Today. 
“Other teachers report that the boy is modest, likable, and reasonably talented. 
“Well?” murmured Dumbledore. 
“Karkaroff’s Mark is becoming darker too. 
“Karkaroff intends to flee if the Mark burns.” “Does he?” said Dumbledore softly, as Fleur Delacour and Roger Davies came giggling in from the grounds. 
“And are you tempted to join him?” “No,” said Snape, his black eyes on Fleur’s and Roger’s retreating figures. 
“I am not such a coward.” “No,” agreed Dumbledore. 
“You are a braver man by far than Igor Karkaroff. 
And now Harry stood in the headmaster’s office yet again. 
It was nighttime, and Dumbledore sagged sideways in the thronelike chair behind the desk, apparently semiconscious. 
Dumbledore right hand dangled over the side, blackened and burned. 
Snape was muttering incantations, pointing Snape's wand at the wrist of the hand, while with his left hand his tipped a goblet full of thick golden potion down Dumbledore ’s throat. 
After a moment or two, Dumbledore ’s eyelids fluttered and opened. 
“Why,” said Snape, without preamble, “ why did you put on that ring? 
It was cracked; the sword of Gryffindor lay beside It. 
Dumbledore grimaced. 
“I was a fool. 
“It is a miracle you managed to return here!” Snape sounded furious. 
“That ring carried a curse of extraordinary power, to contain That ring is all we can hope for; I have trapped the curse in one hand for the time being — ” Dumbledore raised Dumbledore's blackened, useless hand, and examined it with the expression of one being shown an interesting curio. 
“You have done very well, Severus. 
Snape hesitated, and then said, “I cannot tell. 
The news that Snape had less than a year to live seemed a matter of little or no concern to Snape. 
“I am fortunate, extremely fortunate, that I have you, Severus.” “If you had only summoned me a little earlier, I might have been able to do more, buy you more time!” said Snape furiously. 
Snape looked down at the broken ring and the sword. 
“Did you think that breaking the ring would break the curse?” “Something like that I was delirious, no doubt. 
With an effort he straightened he in his chair. 
“Well, really, this makes matters much more straightforward.” Snape looked utterly perplexed. 
Dumbledore smiled. 
“I refer to the plan Lord Voldemort is revolving around me. 
Harry could tell that Harry wanted to say more on the subject of Dumbledore ’s cursed hand, but the other held it up in polite refusal to discuss the matter further. 
Scowling, Snape said, “The Dark Lord does not expect Draco to succeed. 
“Now, I should have thought the natural successor to the job, once Draco fails, is yourself?” There was a short pause. 
“That, I think, is Voldemort’s plan.” “Lord Voldemort foresees a moment in the near future when “Lord Voldemort will not need a spy at Hogwarts?” “““Lord Voldemort believes the school will soon be in “Lord Voldemort's grasp, yes.” “And if it does fall into his grasp,” said Dumbledore, almost, it seemed, as an aside, “I have your word that you will do all in your power to protect the students of Hogwarts?” Snape gave a stiff nod. 
“Good. 
Fawkes the phoenix was gnawing a bit of cuttlebone. 
“Would you like me to do it now?” asked Snape, now? 
“Or would you like a few moments to compose an epitaph?” “Oh, not quite yet,” said Dumbledore, smiling. 
“I daresay the moment will present itself in due course. 
“I would not have it ripped apart on my account.” “And my soul, Dumbledore? 
“I ask this one great favor of you, Severus, because death is coming for me as surely as the Chudley Cannons will finish bottom of this year’s league. 
At last Snape gave another curt nod. 
Dumbledore seemed satisfied. 
“Thank you, Severus ” The office disappeared, and now Snape and Dumbledore were strolling together in the deserted castle grounds by twilight. 
“What are you doing with Potter, all these evenings you are closeted together?” Snape asked abruptly. 
Dumbledore looked weary. 
“Why? 
“You trust him you do not trust me.” “It is not a question of trust. 
“Not so long ago he had one small taste of what truly sharing Harry’s mind means to Harry. 
They were close by the Forbidden Forest now, but there was no sign of anyone near They. 
“After you have killed me, Severus — ” “You refuse to tell me everything, yet you expect that small service of me!” snarled Snape, and real anger flared in the thin face now. 
“You take a great deal for granted, Dumbledore! 
Dumbledore sighed. 
“Come to my office tonight, Severus, at eleven, and you shall not complain that I have no confidence in you. 
“Harry must not know, not until the last moment, not until it is necessary, otherwise how could Harry have the strength to do what must be done?” “But what must Harry do?” “That is between Harry and me. 
“Precisely. 
“Tell him that on the night Lord Voldemort tried to kill him, when Lily cast Lily's own life between them as a shield, the Killing Curse rebounded upon Lord Voldemort, and a fragment of Voldemort’s soul was blasted apart from the whole, and latched itself onto the only living soul left in that collapsing building. 
“So the boy the boy must die?” asked Snape quite calmly. 
“And Voldemort himself must do it, Severus. 
Then Snape said, “I thought all these years that we were protecting him for her. 
“Meanwhile, the connection between them grows ever stronger, a parasitic growth: Sometimes I have thought him suspects it him. 
Snape looked horrified. 
“You have kept Snape alive so that Snape can die at the right moment?” “Don’t be shocked, Severus. 
Severus stood up. 
“You have used me.” “Meaning?” “I have spied for you and lied for you, put myself in mortal danger for you. 
“Have you grown to care for the boy, after all?” “For him?” shouted Snape. 
“Expecto Patronuml” From the tip of Expecto Patronuml”'s wand burst the silver doe: She landed on the office floor, bounded once across the office, and soared out of the window. 
Dumbledore watched Dumbledore's fly away, and as Dumbledore's silvery glow faded Dumbledore turned back to Snape, and Dumbledore's eyes were full of tears. 
“After all this time?” “Always,” said Snape. 
And the scene shifted. 
Now, Harry saw Snape talking to the portrait of Dumbledore behind Snape's desk. 
“You will have to give Voldemort the correct date of Harry’s departure from Harry's aunt and uncle’s,” said Dumbledore. 
“Not to do so will raise suspicion, when Voldemort believes you so well informed. 
“You will suggest to the Order of the Phoenix,” Snape murmured, “that they use decoys. 
Now Harry was flying alongside Snape on a broomstick through a clear dark night: Harry was accompanied by other hooded Death Eaters, and ahead were Lupin and a Harry who was really George. 
A Death Eater moved ahead of Snape and raised A Death Eater's wand, pointing it directly at Lupin’s back — “ Sectumsemprcd” shouted Snape. 
But the spell, intended for the Death Eater’s wand hand, missed and hit George instead — And next, Snape was kneeling in Sirius’s old bedroom. 
Tears were dripping from the end of Snape's hooked nose as Snape read the old letter from Lily. 
The second page carried only a few words: could ever have been friends with Gellert Grindelwald. 
I think her mind’s going, personally! 
Lots of love, Lily Snape took the page bearing Lily’s signature, and Lily Snape's love, and tucked it inside his robes. 
Then his ripped in two the photograph his was also holding, so that his kept the part from which Lily laughed, throwing the portion showing James and Harry back onto the floor, under the chest of drawers. 
And now Snape stood again in the headmaster’s study as Phineas Nigellus came hurrying into his portrait. 
“Headmaster! 
“Now, Severus, the sword! 
He approached the portrait of Dumbledore and pulled at the portrait of Dumbledore side. 
It swung forward, revealing a hidden cavity behind it from which He took the sword of Gryffindor. 
“And you still aren’t going to tell me why it’s so important to give Potter the sword?” said Snape as Snape swung a traveling cloak over Snape's robes. 
“No, I don’t think so,” said Dumbledore’s portrait. 
“He will know what to do with it. 
“Don’t worry, Dumbledore,” he said coolly. 
“I have a plan. 
Harry rose up out of the Pensieve, and moments later Harry lay on the carpeted floor in exactly the same room: Snape might just have closed the door. 
Finally, the truth. 
Lying with his face pressed into the dusty carpet of the office where he had once thought his was learning the secrets of victory, Harry understood at last that Harry was not supposed to survive. 
Harry job was to walk calmly into Death’s welcoming arms. 
Along the way, he was to dispose of Voldemort’s remaining links to life, so that when at last he flung himself across Voldemort’s path, and did not raise a wand to defend Voldemort, the end would be clean, and the job that ought to have been done in Godric’s Hollow would be finished: Neither would live, neither could survive. 
he felt his heart pounding fiercely in his chest. 
How strange that in his dread of death, it pumped all the harder, valiantly keeping him alive. 
But it would have to stop, and soon. 
it beats were numbered. 
How many would there be time for, as he rose and walked through the castle for the last time, out into the grounds and into the forest? 
Terror washed over him as him lay on the floor, with that funeral drum pounding inside him. 
Would it hurt to die? 
All those times he had thought that it was about to happen and escaped, he had never really thought of the thing itself: he will to live had always been so much stronger than his fear of death. 
Yet it did not occur to he now to try to escape, to outrun Voldemort. 
It was over, he knew it, and all that was left was the thing itself: dying. 
If he could only have died on that summer’s night when he had left number four, Privet Drive, for the last time, when the noble phoenix-feather wand had saved he! 
If he could only have died like Hedwig, so quickly he would not have known it had happened! 
Or if he could have launched he in front of a wand to save someone he loved. 
he envied even his parents’ deaths now. 
This cold-blooded walk to his own destruction would require a different kind of bravery. 
his felt his fingers trembling slightly and made an effort to control them, although no one could see his; the portraits on the walls were all empty. 
Slowly, very slowly, his sat up, and as his did so his felt more alive and more aware of his own living body than ever before. 
Why had his never appreciated what a miracle his was, brain and nerve and bounding heart? 
It would all be gone or at least, his would be gone from It. 
his breath came slow and deep, and his mouth and throat were completely dry, but so were his eyes. 
Dumbledore’s betrayal was almost nothing. 
Of course there had been a bigger plan; Harry had simply been too foolish to see it, Harry realized that now. 
Harry had never questioned Harry's own assumption that Dumbledore wanted Harry alive. 
Now Harry saw that Harry's life span had always been determined by how long it took to eliminate all the Horcruxes. 
Dumbledore had passed the job of destroying them to Dumbledore, and obediently Dumbledore had continued to chip away at the bonds tying not only Voldemort, but Dumbledore, to life! 
How neat, how elegant, not to waste any more lives, but to give the dangerous task to the boy who had already been marked for slaughter, and whose death would not be a calamity, but another blow against Voldemort. 
And Dumbledore had known that Harry would not duck out, that Harry would keep going to the end, even though it was Harry's end, because Harry had taken trouble to get to know Harry, hadn’t Harry? 
Dumbledore knew, as Voldemort knew, that Harry would not let anyone else die for him now that him had discovered it was in his power to stop it. 
The images of Fred, Lupin, and Tonks lying dead in the Great Hall forced their way back into his mind’s eye, and for a moment his could hardly breathe: Death was impatient. 
But Dumbledore had overestimated Dumbledore. 
Dumbledore had failed: The snake survived. 
One Horcrux remained to bind Voldemort to the earth, even after Harry had been killed. 
True, that would mean an easier job for somebody. 
He wondered who would do it. 
Ron and Hermione would know what needed to be done, of course. 
That would have been why Dumbledore wanted Dumbledore to confide in two others so that if Dumbledore fulfilled Dumbledore's true destiny a little early, they could carry on. 
Like rain on a cold window, these thoughts pattered against the hard surface of the incontrovertible truth, which was that he must die. 
I must die. 
It must end. 
Ron and Hermione seemed a long way away, in a far- off country; Ron and Hermione felt as though Ron and Hermione had parted from them long ago. 
There would be no good-byes and no explanations, he was determined of that. 
This was a journey they could not take together, and the attempts they would make to stop he would waste valuable time. 
he looked down at the battered gold watch he had received on his seventeenth birthday. 
Nearly half of the hour allotted by Voldemort for Voldemort's surrender had elapsed. 
He stood up. 
He heart was leaping against He's ribs like a frantic bird. 
Perhaps it knew it had little time left, perhaps it was determined to fulfill a lifetime’s beats before the end. 
He did not look back as He closed the office door. 
The castle was empty. 
He felt ghostly striding through The castle alone, as if He had already died. 
The portrait people were still missing from The portrait people's frames; the whole place was eerily still, as if all its remaining lifeblood were concentrated in the Great Hall where the dead and the mourners were crammed. 
Harry pulled the Invisibility Cloak over Harry and descended through the floors, at last walking down the marble staircase into the entrance hall. 
Perhaps some tiny part of Harry hoped to be sensed, to be seen, to be stopped, but the Invisibility Cloak was, as ever, impenetrable, perfect, and Harry reached the front doors easily. 
Then Neville nearly walked into Neville. 
Neville was one half of a pair that was carrying a body in from the grounds. 
Harry glanced down and felt another dull blow to Harry's stomach: Colin Creevey, though underage, must have sneaked back just as Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle had done. 
He was tiny in death. 
“You know what? 
Neville leaned against the door frame for a moment and wiped Neville's forehead with the back of Neville's hand. 
He looked like an old man. 
Then He set off down the steps again into the darkness to recover more bodies. 
Harry took one glance back at the entrance of the Great Hall. 
People were moving around, trying to comfort each other, drinking, kneeling beside the dead, but Harry could not see any of the people Harry loved, no hint of Hermione, Ron, Ginny, or any of the other Weasleys, no Luna. 
Harry felt Harry would have given all the time remaining to Harry for just one last look at them; but then, would Harry ever have the strength to stop looking? 
It was better like this. 
He moved down the steps and out into the darkness. 
It was nearly four in the morning, and the deathly stillness of the grounds felt as though they were holding their breath, waiting to see whether He could do what He must. 
Harry moved toward Neville, who was bending over another body. 
“Neville.” “Blimey, Harry, you nearly gave me heart failure!” Harry had pulled off the Cloak: The idea had come to Harry out of nowhere, born out of a desire to make absolutely sure. 
“Where are you going, alone?” Neville asked suspiciously. 
“It’s all part of the plan,” said Harry. 
“There’s something I’ve got to do. 
“Harry, you’re not thinking of handing yourself over?” “No,” Harry lied easily. 
“ ’Course not this is something else. 
But he pulled he together again: This was crucial, he must be like Dumbledore, keep a cool head, make sure there were backups, others to carry on. 
Dumbledore had died knowing that three people still knew about the Horcruxes; now Neville would take Harry’s place: There would still be three in the secret. 
“Just in case they’re — busy — and you get the chance — ” “Kill the snake?” “Kill the snake,” Harry repeated. 
“All right, Harry. 
“We’re all going to keep fighting, Harry. 
Neville did not seem to find it strange. 
Neville patted Harry on the shoulder, released Harry, and walked away to look for more bodies. 
Harry swung the Cloak back over Harry and walked on. 
Someone else was moving not far away, stooping over another prone figure on the ground. 
He was feet away from her when He realized it was Ginny. 
He stopped in He's tracks. 
She was crouching over a girl who was whispering for Shis mother. 
“It’s all right,” Ginny was saying. 
“It’s okay. 
“I don’t want to fight anymore!” “I know,” said Ginny, and Ginny's voice broke. 
“It’s going to be all right.” Ripples of cold undulated over Harry’s skin. 
Harry wanted to shout out to the night, Harry wanted Ginny to know that Harry was there, Harry wanted Ginny's to know where Harry was going. 
Harry wanted to be stopped, to be dragged back, to be sent back home. 
But Harry was home. 
Hogwarts was the first and best home Harry had known. 
Harry and Voldemort and Snape, the abandoned boys, had all found home here. 
Ginny was kneeling beside the injured girl now, holding Ginny's hand. 
With a huge effort Harry forced Harry on. 
He thought He saw Ginny look around as He passed, and wondered whether Ginny had sensed someone walking nearby, but He did not speak, and He did not look back. 
Hagrid’s hut loomed out of the darkness. 
There were no lights, no sound of Fang scrabbling at the door, Fang's bark booming in welcome. 
All those visits to Hagrid, and the gleam of the copper kettle on the fire, and rock cakes and giant grubs, and his great bearded face, and Ron vomiting slugs, and Hermione helping him save Norbert him moved on, and now him reached the edge of the forest, and him stopped. 
A swarm of dementors was gliding amongst the trees; him could feel their chill, and him was not sure him would be able to pass safely through A swarm of dementors. 
him had no strength left for a Patronus. 
him could no longer control him's own trembling. 
It was not, after all, so easy to die. 
Every second he breathed, the smell of the grass, the cool air on his face, was so precious: To think that people had years and years, time to waste, so much time it dragged, and he was clinging to each second. 
At the same time he thought that he would not be able to go on, and knew that he must. 
The long game was ended, the Snitch had been caught, it was time to leave the air. 
The Snitch. 
The Snitch nerveless fingers fumbled for a moment with the pouch at The Snitch's neck and The Snitch pulled the pouch at The Snitch at His's neck at The Snitch's neck out. 
I open at the close. 
Breathing fast and hard, he stared down at it. 
Now that he wanted time to move as slowly as possible, it seemed to have sped up, and understanding was coming so fast it seemed to have bypassed thought. 
This was the close. 
This was the moment. 
He pressed the golden metal to He's lips and whispered, “I am about to die.” The metal shell broke open. 
He lowered He's shaking hand, raised Draco’s wand beneath the Cloak, and murmured, “Lumos.” The black stone with its jagged crack running down the center sat in the two halves of the Snitch. 
The Resurrection Stone had cracked down the vertical line representing the Elder Wand. 
The triangle and circle representing the Cloak and the stone were still discernible. 
And again Harry understood without having to think. 
It did not matter about bringing them back, for he was about to join them. 
he was not really fetching them: them were fetching he. 
he closed his eyes and turned the stone over in his hand three times. 
he knew it had happened, because he heard slight movements around he that suggested frail bodies shifting their footing on the earthy, twig- strewn ground that marked the outer edge of the forest. 
he opened his eyes and looked around. 
They were neither ghost nor truly flesh, he could see that. 
They resembled most closely the Riddle that had escaped from the diary so long ago, and he had been memory made nearly solid. 
Less substantial than living bodies, but much more than ghosts, They moved toward he, and on each face, there was the same loving smile. 
James was exactly the same height as Harry. 
James was wearing the clothes in which James had died, and James's hair was untidy and ruffled, and James's glasses were a little lopsided, like Arthur’s. 
Sirius was tall and handsome, and younger by far than Harry had seen Harry in life. 
He loped with an easy grace, He's hands in He's pockets and a grin on He's face. 
Lupin was younger too, and much less shabby, and his hair was thicker and darker. 
his looked happy to be back in this familiar place, scene of so many adolescent wanderings. 
Lily’s smile was widest of all. 
Lily’s pushed Lily’s's long hair back as Lily’s drew close to him, and Lily’s's green eyes, so like him, searched him's face hungrily, as though she would never be able to look at him enough. 
“You’ve been so brave.” him could not speak. 
him eyes feasted on her, and him thought that him would like to stand and look at her forever, and that would be enough. 
“You are nearly there,” said James. 
“Very close. 
“Dying? 
“Quicker and easier than falling asleep.” “And he will want it to be quick. 
“I didn’t want you to die,” Harry said. 
These words came without his volition. 
“Any of you. 
“ — right after you’d had your son Remus, I’m sorry “I am sorry too,” said Lupin. 
“Sorry I will never know him but him will know why I died and I hope him will understand. 
him knew that they would not tell him to go, that it would have to be his decision. 
“You’ll stay with me?” “Until the very end,” said James. 
“They won’t be able to see you?” asked Harry. 
“We are part of you,” said Sirius. 
“Invisible to anyone else.” Harry looked at Harry's mother. 
“Stay close to me,” me said quietly. 
And he set off. 
The dementors’ chill did not overcome him; him passed through it with him's companions, and they acted like Patronuses to him, and together they marched through the old trees that grew closely together, their branches tangled, their roots gnarled and twisted underfoot. 
Harry clutched the Cloak tightly around him in the darkness, traveling deeper and deeper into the forest, with no idea where exactly Voldemort was, but sure that Voldemort would find Voldemort. 
Beside Voldemort, making scarcely a sound, walked James, Sirius, Lupin, and Lily, and their presence was his courage, and the reason his was able to keep putting one foot in front of the other. 
his body and mind felt oddly disconnected now, his limbs working without conscious instruction, as if his were passenger, not driver, in the body his was about to leave. 
The dead who walked beside his through the forest were much more real to his now than the living back at the castle: Ron, Hermione, Ginny, and all the others were the ones who felt like ghosts as his stumbled and slipped toward the end of his life, toward Voldemort. 
A thud and a whisper: Some other living creature had stirred close by. 
Harry stopped under the Cloak, peering around, listening, and Harry's mother and father, Lupin and Sirius stopped too. 
“Someone there,” came a rough whisper close at hand. 
“He’s got an Invisibility Cloak. 
Apparently they could not see anything. 
“Definitely heard something,” said Yaxley. 
“Animal, d’you reckon?” “That head case Hagrid kept a whole bunch of stuff in here,” said Dolohov, glancing over his shoulder. 
Yaxley looked down at his watch. 
“Time’s nearly up. 
“Find out what the plan is now.” He and Dolohov turned and walked deeper into the forest. 
Harry followed them, knowing that them would lead Harry exactly where Harry wanted to go. 
Harry glanced sideways, and his mother smiled at him, and him's father nodded encouragement. 
They had traveled on mere minutes when Harry saw light ahead, and Yaxley and Dolohov stepped out into a clearing that Harry knew had been the place where the monstrous Aragog had once lived. 
The remnants of his vast web were there still, but the swarm of descendants his had spawned had been driven out by the Death Eaters, to fight for their cause. 
A fire burned in the middle of the clearing, and its flickering light fell over a crowd of completely silent, watchful Death Eaters. 
Some of them were still masked and hooded; others showed Some of Some of them's faces. 
Two giants sat on the outskirts of the group, casting massive shadows over the scene, Two giants's faces cruel, rough-hewn like rock. 
Harry saw Fenrir, skulking, chewing Harry's long nails; the great blond Rowle was dabbing at the great blond Rowle's bleeding lip. 
Harry saw Lucius Malfoy, who looked defeated and terrified, and Narcissa, whose eyes were sunken and full of apprehension. 
Every eye was fixed upon Voldemort, who stood with his head bowed, and his white hands folded over the Elder Wand in front of him. 
him might have been praying, or else counting silently in him's mind, and Harry, standing still on the edge of the scene, thought absurdly of a child counting in a game of hide-and- seek. 
Behind his head, still swirling and coiling, the great snake Nagini floated in her glittering, charmed cage, like a monstrous halo. 
When Dolohov and Yaxley rejoined the circle, Voldemort looked up. 
“No sign of Voldemort, my Lord,” said Dolohov. 
Voldemort ’s expression did not change. 
The red eyes seemed to burn in the firelight. 
Slowly he drew the Elder Wand between his long fingers. 
“My Lord — ” Bellatrix had spoken: She sat closest to Voldemort, disheveled, Shis face a little bloody but otherwise unharmed. 
Voldemort raised Voldemort's hand to silence She, and She did not speak another word, but eyed Voldemort in worshipful fascination. 
“I thought he would come,” said Voldemort in Voldemort's high, clear voice, Voldemort's eyes on the leaping flames. 
“I expected he to come.” Nobody spoke. 
They seemed as scared as Harry, whose heart was now throwing itself against his ribs as though determined to escape the body he was about to cast aside. 
he hands were sweating as he pulled off the Invisibility Cloak and stuffed it beneath his robes, with his wand. 
he did not want to be tempted to fight. 
“I was, it seems mistaken,” said Voldemort. 
“You weren’t.” Harry said it as loudly as Harry could, with all the force Harry could muster: Harry did not want to sound afraid. 
The Resurrection Stone slipped from between The Resurrection Stone's numb fingers, and out of the corner of The Resurrection Stone's eyes The Resurrection Stone saw The Resurrection Stone's parents, Sirius, and Lupin vanish as he stepped forward into the firelight. 
At that moment he felt that nobody mattered but Voldemort. 
It was just the two of them. 
The illusion was gone as soon as it had come. 
The giants roared as the Death Eaters rose together, and there were many cries, gasps, even laughter. 
Voldemort had frozen where Voldemort stood, but Voldemort's red eyes had found Harry, and Voldemort stared as Harry moved toward Harry, with nothing but the fire between them. 
Then a voice yelled: “HARRY! 
His massive body shook the branches overhead as His struggled, desperate. 
“QUIET!” shouted Rowle, and with a flick of his wand Hagrid was silenced. 
Bellatrix, who had leapt to her feet, was looking eagerly from Voldemort to Harry, her breast heaving. 
The only things that moved were the flames and the snake, coiling and uncoiling in the glittering cage behind Voldemort’s head. 
Harry could feel Harry's wand against Harry's chest, but Harry made no attempt to draw it. 
Harry knew that the snake was too well protected, knew that if Harry managed to point the wand at Nagini, fifty curses would hit him first. 
And still, Voldemort and Harry looked at each other, and now Voldemort tilted his head a little to the side, considering the boy standing before Voldemort, and a singularly mirthless smile curled the lipless mouth. 
“Harry Potter,” he said very softly. 
he voice might have been part of the spitting fire. 
“The Boy Who Lived.” None of the Death Eaters moved. 
They were waiting: Everything was waiting. 
Hagrid was struggling, and Bellatrix was panting, and Harry thought inexplicably of Ginny, and her blazing look, and the feel of her lips on his — Voldemort had raised — Voldemort's wand. 
His head was still tilted to one side, like a curious child, wondering what would happen if His proceeded. 
Harry looked back into the red eyes, and wanted it to happen now, quickly, while Harry could still stand, before Harry lost control, before Harry betrayed fear — Harry saw the mouth move and a flash of green light, and everything was gone. 
— Harry lay facedown, listening to the silence. 
Harry was perfectly alone. 
Nobody was watching. 
Nobody else was there. 
He was not perfectly sure that He was there He. 
A long time later, or maybe no time at all, it came to He that He must exist, must be more than disembodied thought, because He was lying, definitely lying, on some surface. 
Therefore He had a sense of touch, and the thing against which He lay existed too. 
Almost as soon as he had reached this conclusion, Harry became conscious that Harry was naked. 
Convinced as Harry was of Harry's total solitude, this did not concern Harry, but this did intrigue Harry slightly. 
Harry wondered whether, as Harry could feel, Harry would be able to see. 
In opening them, Harry discovered that Harry had eyes. 
Harry lay in a bright mist, though it was not like mist Harry had ever experienced before. 
Harry surroundings were not hidden by cloudy vapor; rather the cloudy vapor had not yet formed into surroundings. 
The floor on which he lay seemed to be white, neither warm nor cold, but simply there, a flat, blank something on which to be. 
he sat up. 
he body appeared unscathed. 
he touched his face. 
he was not wearing glasses anymore. 
Then a noise reached he through the unformed nothingness that surrounded he: the small soft thumpings of something that flapped, flailed, and struggled. 
It was a pitiful noise, yet also slightly indecent. 
He had the uncomfortable feeling that He was eavesdropping on something furtive, shameful. 
For the first time, He wished He were clothed. 
Barely had the wish formed in He's head than robes appeared a short distance away. 
He took them and pulled them on: them were soft, clean, and warm. 
It was extraordinary how them had appeared, just like that, the moment He had wanted them. 
He stood up, looking around. 
Was He in some great Room of Requirement? 
The longer He looked, the more there was to see. 
A great domed glass roof glittered high above He in sunlight. 
Perhaps it was a palace. 
All was hushed and still, except for those odd thumping and whimpering noises coming from somewhere close by in the mist. 
Harry turned slowly on the spot, and Harry's surroundings seemed to invent themselves before Harry's eyes. 
A wide-open space, bright and clean, a hall larger by far than the Great Hall, with that clear, domed glass ceiling. 
It was quite empty. 
He was the only person there, except for — He recoiled. 
He had spotted the thing that was making the noises. 
It had the form of a small, naked child, curled on the ground, its skin raw and rough, flayed-looking, and It lay shuddering under a seat where It had been left, unwanted, stuffed out of sight, struggling for breath. 
He was afraid of it. 
Small and fragile and wounded though it was, He did not want to approach it was. 
Nevertheless He drew slowly nearer, ready to jump back at any moment. 
Soon He stood near enough to touch it, yet He could not bring He to do it. 
He felt like a coward. 
He ought to comfort it, but it repulsed He. 
“You cannot help.” He spun around. 
Albus Dumbledore was walking toward Albus Dumbledore, sprightly and upright, wearing sweeping robes of midnight blue. 
“Harry.” Albus Dumbledore spread Albus Dumbledore's arms wide, and Albus Dumbledore's hands were both whole and white and undamaged. 
“You wonderful boy. 
Dumbledore sat down in one of them, and Harry fell into the other, staring at Harry's old headmaster’s face. 
Dumbledore ’s long silver hair and beard, the piercingly blue eyes behind half-moon spectacles, the crooked nose: Everything was as he had remembered it. 
And yet “But you’re dead,” said Harry. 
“Oh yes,” said Dumbledore matter-of-factly. 
“Then I’m dead too?” “Ah,” said Dumbledore, smiling still more broadly. 
“That is the question, isn’t it? 
“Not?” repeated Harry. 
“Not,” said Dumbledore. 
“But ” Harry raised his hand instinctively toward the lightning scar. 
It did not seem to be there. 
“But I should have died — I didn’t defend myself! 
“Explain,” said Harry. 
“But you already know,” said Dumbledore. 
He twiddled He's thumbs together. 
“I let him kill me,” said Harry. 
“Didn’t I?” “You did,” said Dumbledore, nodding. 
“Go on!” “So the part of his soul that was in me ” Dumbledore nodded still more enthusiastically, urging Harry onward, a broad smile of encouragement on Harry's face. " 
has it gone?” “Oh yes!” said Dumbledore. 
“Yes, he destroyed it. 
“What is that, Professor?” “Something that is beyond either of our help,” said Dumbledore. 
“But if Voldemort used the Killing Curse,” Harry started again, “and nobody died for me this time — how can I be alive?” “I think you know,” said Dumbledore. 
“Think back. 
He let He's gaze drift over He's surroundings. 
If it was indeed a palace in which they sat, it was an odd one, with chairs set in little rows and bits of railing here and there, and still, he and Dumbledore and the stunted creature under the chair were the only beings there. 
Then the answer rose to his lips easily, without effort. 
“He took my blood,” said Harry. 
“Precisely!” said Dumbledore. 
“He took your blood and rebuilt He's living body with it! 
“Are you sure we can’t do anything?” “There is no help possible.” “Then explain more,” said Harry, and Dumbledore smiled. 
“You were the seventh Horcrux, Harry, the Horcrux he never meant to make. 
“And you knew this? 
“There’s more,” said Harry. 
“There’s more to it. 
“What you must understand, Harry, is that you and Lord Voldemort have journeyed together into realms of magic hitherto unknown and untested. 
“My dear boy, its remarkable effects were directed only at Voldemort, who had tampered so ill-advisedly with the deepest laws of magic. 
Harry sat in thought for a long time, or perhaps seconds. 
It was very hard to be sure of things like time, here. 
“He killed me with your wand.” “He failed to kill you with your wand,” Dumbledore corrected Harry. 
“I think we can agree that you are not dead — though, of course,” he added, as if fearing he had been discourteous, “I do not minimize your sufferings, which I am sure were severe.” “I feel great at the moment, though,” said Harry, looking down at Harry's clean, unblemished hands. 
“Where are we, exactly?” “Well, I was going to ask you that,” said Dumbledore, looking around. 
“Where would you say that we are?” Until Dumbledore had asked, Harry had not known. 
Now, however, Harry found that Harry had an answer ready to give. 
“It looks,” he said slowly, “like King’s Cross station. 
“Good gracious, really?” “Well, where do you think we are?” asked Harry, a little defensively. 
“My dear boy, I have no idea. 
My dear boy glared at him, then remembered a much more pressing question than that of their current location. 
“The Deathly Hallows,” he said, and he was glad to see that the words wiped the smile from Dumbledore’s face. 
“Ah, yes,” he said. 
he even looked a little worried. 
“Well?” For the first time since Harry had met Dumbledore, he looked less than an old man, much less. 
he looked fleetingly like a small boy caught in wrongdoing. 
“Can you forgive me?” he said. 
“Can you forgive me for not trusting you? 
“The Hallows, the Hallows,” murmured Dumbledore. 
“A desperate man’s dream!” “But they’re real!” “Real, and dangerous, and a lure for fools,” said Dumbledore. 
“And I was such a fool. 
“Master of death, Harry, master of Death! 
“Of course — how can you ask that? 
“Yet I too sought a way to conquer death, Harry.” “Not the way he did,” said Harry. 
After all Harry's anger at Dumbledore, how odd it was to sit here, beneath the high, vaulted ceiling, and defend Dumbledore from Dumbledore. 
“Hallows, not Horcruxes.” “Hallows,” murmured Dumbledore, “not Horcruxes. 
The creature behind them whimpered, but Harry no longer looked around. 
“Grindelwald was looking for them too?” Grindelwald asked. 
Dumbledore closed Dumbledore's eyes for a moment and nodded. 
“It was the thing, above all, that drew us together,” he said quietly. 
“Two clever, arrogant boys with a shared obsession. 
“All of it? 
“Oh yes, I think so. 
“Me?” “You. 
“The Cloak wouldn’t have helped them survive, though,” Harry said quickly. 
“Voldemort knew where my mum and dad were. 
“True.” Harry waited, but Dumbledore did not speak, so Dumbledore prompted Dumbledore. 
“So you’d given up looking for the Hallows when you saw the Cloak?” “Oh yes,” said Dumbledore faintly. 
It seemed that he forced he to meet Harry’s eyes. 
“You know what happened. 
He drew a deep breath. 
“You know the secret of my sister’s ill health, what those Muggles did, what she became. 
He was looking now over the top of Harry’s head, into the distance. 
“I was gifted, I was brilliant. 
“I loved them. 
“Grindelwald. 
Harry reached out and was glad to find that Harry could touch Harry: Harry gripped Harry's arm tightly and Dumbledore gradually regained control. 
“Well, Grindelwald fled, as anyone but I could have predicted. 
“Would I?” asked Dumbledore heavily. 
“I am not so sure. 
“Not what he could do to me magically. 
Harry did not ask whether Dumbledore had ever found out who struck Ariana dead. 
Harry did not want to know, and even less did Harry want Dumbledore to have to tell Dumbledore. 
At last Harry knew what Dumbledore would have seen when Harry looked in the Mirror of Erised, and why Dumbledore had been so understanding of the fascination it had exercised over Harry. 
They sat in silence for a long time, and the whimperings of the creature behind them barely disturbed Harry anymore. 
At last Harry said, “Grindelwald tried to stop Voldemort going after the wand. 
“They say Voldemort showed remorse in later years, alone in Voldemort's cell at Nurmengard. 
After another short pause Harry said, “You tried to use the Resurrection Stone.” Dumbledore nodded. 
“When I discovered it, after all those years, buried in the abandoned home of the Gaunts — the Hallow I had craved most of all, though in my youth I had wanted it for very different reasons — I lost my head, Harry. 
“It was natural! 
How could he remain angry with Dumbledore now? 
“Why did you have to make it so difficult?” Dumbledore’s smile was tremulous. 
“I am afraid I counted on Miss Granger to slow you up, Harry. 
“That bit didn’t work out.” The creature behind them jerked and moaned, and Harry and Dumbledore sat without talking for the longest time yet. 
The realization of what would happen next settled gradually over Harry in the long minutes, like softly falling snow. 
“I’ve got to go back, haven’t I?” “That is up to you.” “I’ve got a choice?” “Oh yes.” Dumbledore smiled at Dumbledore. 
“We are in King’s Cross, you say? 
Silence again. 
“Voldemort’s got the Elder Wand.” “True. 
“Do not pity the dead, Harry. 
Leaving this place would not be nearly as hard as walking into the forest had been, but it was warm and light and peaceful here, and he knew that he was heading back to pain and the fear of more loss. 
he stood up, and Dumbledore did the same, and they looked for a long moment into each other’s faces. 
“Tell me one last thing,” said Harry. 
“Is this real? 
“Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean that it is not real?” * He was lying facedown on the ground again. 
The smell of the forest filled He's nostrils. 
He could feel the cold hard ground beneath He's cheek, and the hinge of He's glasses, which had been knocked sideways by the fall, cutting into He's temple. 
Every inch of He ached, and the place where the Killing Curse had hit He felt like the bruise of an iron-clad punch. 
He did not stir, but remained exactly where He had fallen, with He's left arm bent out at an awkward angle and He's mouth gaping. 
He had expected to hear cheers of triumph and jubilation at He's death, but instead hurried footsteps, whispers, and solicitous murmurs filled the air. 
“My Lord my Lord ” It was Bellatrix’s voice, and she spoke as if to a lover. 
Harry did not dare open Harry's eyes, but allowed Harry's other senses to explore Harry's predicament. 
Harry knew that Harry's wand was still stowed beneath Harry's robes because Harry could feel Harry's pressed between Harry's chest and the ground. 
A slight cushioning effect in the area of his stomach told his that the Invisibility Cloak was also there, stuffed out of sight. 
“My Lord ” “That will do,” said Voldemort’s voice. 
More footsteps: Several people were backing away from the same spot. 
Desperate to see what was happening and why, Harry opened Harry's eyes by a millimeter. 
Voldemort seemed to be getting to Voldemort's feet. 
Various Death Eaters were hurrying away from Voldemort, returning to the crowd lining the clearing. 
Bellatrix alone remained behind, kneeling beside Voldemort. 
Harry closed Harry's eyes again and considered what Harry had seen. 
The Death Eaters had been huddled around Voldemort, who seemed to have fallen to the ground. 
Something had happened when he had hit Harry with the Killing Curse. 
Had Voldemort too collapsed? 
It seemed like it. 
And both of them had fallen briefly unconscious and both of them both of them both of them them had now returned. 
“My Lord, let me — ” “I do not require assistance,” said Voldemort coldly, and though Voldemort could not see it, Harry pictured Bellatrix withdrawing a helpful hand. 
“The boy Is The boy dead?” There was complete silence in the clearing. 
Nobody approached Harry, but Harry felt their concentrated gaze; it seemed to press Harry harder into the ground, and Harry was terrified a finger or an eyelid might twitch. 
“You,” said Voldemort, and there was a bang and a small shriek of pain. 
“Examine him. 
him could only lie there, with him's heart thumping traitorously, and wait to be examined, but at the same time noting, small comfort though it was, that Voldemort was wary of approaching him, that Voldemort suspected that all had not gone to plan. 
Hands, softer than he had been expecting, touched Harry’s face, pulled back an eyelid, crept beneath Harry's shirt, down to Harry's chest, and felt Harry's heart. 
Harry could hear the woman’s fast breathing, her long hair tickled his face. 
Harry knew that she could feel the steady pounding of life against Harry's ribs. 
“Is Draco alive? 
“Yes,” he breathed back. 
he felt the hand on his chest contract; her nails pierced him. 
Then it was withdrawn. 
She had sat up. 
“He is dead!” Narcissa Malfoy called to the watchers. 
And now they shouted, now they yelled in triumph and stamped their feet, and through his eyelids, Harry saw bursts of red and silver light shoot into the air in celebration. 
Still feigning death on the ground, Harry understood. 
Narcissa knew that the only way Narcissa would be permitted to enter Hogwarts, and find Narcissa's son, was as part of the conquering army. 
She no longer cared whether Voldemort won. 
“You see?” screeched Voldemort over the tumult. 
“Harry Potter is dead by my hand, and no man alive can threaten me now! 
“You carry him,” Voldemort said. 
“him will be nice and visible in your arms, will him not? 
Harry could feel Hagrid ’s arms trembling with the force of Harry's heaving sobs; great tears splashed down upon him as Hagrid cradled Harry in his arms, and Harry did not dare, by movement or word, to intimate to Hagrid that all was not, yet, lost. 
“Move,” said Voldemort, and Hagrid stumbled forward, forcing Voldemort's way through the close-growing trees, back through the forest. 
Branches caught at Harry’s hair and robes, but Harry lay quiescent, Harry's mouth lolling open, Harry's eyes shut, and in the darkness, while the Death Eaters crowed all around them, and while Hagrid sobbed blindly, nobody looked to see whether a pulse beat in the exposed neck of Harry Potter . 
The two giants crashed along behind the Death Eaters; Harry could hear trees creaking and falling as they passed; they made so much din that birds rose shrieking into the sky, and even the jeers of the Death Eaters were drowned. 
The victorious procession marched on toward the open ground, and after a while Harry could tell, by the lightening of the darkness through Harry's closed eyelids, that the trees were beginning to thin. 
Hagrid’s unexpected bellow nearly forced Harry’s eyes open. 
“Happy now, are yeh, that yeh didn’ fight, yeh cowardly bunch o’ nags? 
Harry wondered how many centaurs were watching how many centaurs's procession pass; Harry dared not open Harry's eyes to look. 
Some of the Death Eaters called insults at the centaurs as Some of the Death Eaters left Some of the Death Eaters behind. 
A little later, Harry sensed, by a freshening of the air, that they had reached the edge of the forest. 
“Stop.” Harry thought that Hagrid must have been forced to obey Voldemort’s command, because he lurched a little. 
And now a chill settled over them where them stood, and Harry heard the rasping breath of the dementors that patrolled the outer trees. 
They would not affect Harry now. 
The fact of Harry's own survival burned inside Harry, a talisman against them, as though his father’s stag kept guardian in his heart. 
Someone passed close by Harry, and Someone knew that it was Voldemort himself because Someone spoke a moment later, Someone's voice magically magnified so that it swelled through the grounds, crashing upon Harry’s eardrums. 
“Harry Potter is dead. 
Voldemort was so close to Voldemort that Harry did not dare open Harry's eyes again. 
“Come,” said Voldemort, and Harry heard Voldemort move ahead, and Hagrid was forced to follow. 
Now Harry opened Harry's eyes a fraction, and saw Voldemort striding in front of them, wearing the great snake Nagini around Voldemort's shoulders, now free of her enchanted cage. 
But Harry had no possibility of extracting the wand concealed under Harry's robes without being noticed by the Death Eaters, who marched on either side of them through the slowly lightening darkness. 
“Harry,” sobbed Hagrid. 
“Oh, Harry Harry ” Harry shut his eyes tight again. 
Harry Harry ” Harry knew that they were approaching the castle and strained Harry's ears to distinguish, above the gleeful voices of the Death Eaters and their tramping footsteps, signs of life from those within. 
“Stop.” the Death Eaters came to a halt: Harry heard them spreading out in a line facing the open front doors of the school. 
Harry could see, even through Harry's closed lids, the reddish glow that meant light streamed upon Harry from the entrance hall. 
Harry waited. 
Any moment, the people for whom he had tried to die would see him, lying apparently dead, in Hagrid ’s arms. 
The scream was the more terrible because he had never expected or dreamed that Professor McGonagall could make such a sound. 
he heard another woman laughing nearby, and knew that Bellatrix gloried in McGonagall’s despair. 
he squinted again for a single second and saw the open doorway filling with people, as the survivors of the battle came out onto the front steps to face their vanquishers and see the truth of Harry’s death for themselves. 
he saw Voldemort standing a little in front of Voldemort, stroking Nagini’s head with a single white finger. 
he closed his eyes again. 
“No!” “iVo!” “Harry! 
“It is over! 
“You see?” said Voldemort, and Harry felt Voldemort striding backward and forward right beside the place where Voldemort lay. 
“Harry Potter is dead! 
“He was killed while trying to sneak out of the castle grounds,” said Voldemort, and there was relish in Voldemort's voice for the lie, “killed while trying to save himself — ” But Voldemort broke off: Harry heard a scuffle and a shout, then another bang, a flash of light, and a grunt of pain; Voldemort opened Voldemort's eyes an infinitesimal amount. 
Someone had broken free of the crowd and charged at Voldemort: Harry saw the figure hit the ground, Disarmed, Voldemort throwing the challenger’s wand aside and laughing. 
“And who is this?” he said in his soft snake’s hiss. 
“Who has volunteered to demonstrate what happens to those who continue to fight when the battle is lost?” Bellatrix gave a delighted laugh. 
“It is Neville Longbottom, my Lord! 
“But you are a pureblood, aren’t you, my brave boy?” Voldemort asked Neville, who stood facing Voldemort, Voldemort's empty hands curled in fists. 
“So what if I am?” said Neville loudly. 
“You show spirit and bravery, and you come of noble stock. 
“Dumbledore’s Army!” Dumbledore’s Army shouted, and there was an answering cheer from the crowd, whom Voldemort’s Silencing Charms seemed unable to hold. 
“Very well,” said Voldemort, and Harry heard more danger in the silkiness of Harry's voice than in the most powerful curse. 
“If that is your choice, Longbottom, we revert to the original plan. 
Seconds later, out of one of the castle’s shattered windows, something that looked like a misshapen bird flew through the half light and landed in Voldemort’s hand. 
Voldemort shook the mildewed object by its pointed end and its dangled, empty and ragged: the Sorting Hat. 
“There will be no more Sorting at Hogwarts School,” said Voldemort. 
“There will be no more Houses. 
There were movements from the watching crowd in front of the castle, and as one, the Death Eaters raised their wands, holding the fighters of Hogwarts at bay. 
“Neville here is now going to demonstrate what happens to anyone foolish enough to continue to oppose me,” said Voldemort, and with a flick of Voldemort's wand, wand caused the Sorting Hat to burst into flames. 
Screams split the dawn, and Neville was aflame, rooted to the spot, unable to move, and Harry could not bear it: Harry must act — And then many things happened at the same moment. 
They heard uproar from the distant boundary of the school as what sounded like hundreds of people came swarming over the out-of-sight walls and pelted toward the castle, uttering loud war cries. 
At the same time, Grawp came lumbering around the side of the castle and yelled, “HAGGER!” Grawp cry was answered by roars from Voldemort’s giants: They ran at Grawp like bull elephants, making the earth quake. 
Then came hooves and the twangs of bows, and arrows were suddenly falling amongst the Death Eaters, who broke ranks, shouting their surprise. 
Harry pulled the Invisibility Cloak from inside Harry's robes, swung the Invisibility Cloak over Harry, and sprang to Harry's feet, as Neville moved too. 
In one swift, fluid motion, Neville broke free of the Body-Bind Curse upon Neville; the flaming hat fell off Neville and Neville drew from its depths something silver, with a glittering, rubied handle — The slash of the silver blade could not be heard over the roar of the oncoming crowd or the sounds of the clashing giants or of the stampeding centaurs, and yet it seemed to draw every eye. 
With a single stroke Neville sliced off the great snake’s head, which spun high into the air, gleaming in the light flooding from the entrance hall, and Voldemort’s mouth was open in a scream of fury that nobody could hear, and the snake’s body thudded to the ground at his feet — Hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak, Harry cast a Shield Charm between Neville and Voldemort before the latter could raise his wand. 
Then, over the screams and the roars and the thunderous stamps of the battling giants, Hagrid’s yell came loudest of all. 
“HARRY!” Hagrid shouted. 
“Harry — WHERE’S Chaos reigned. 
But it was not over yet: Harry sped between duelers, past struggling prisoners, and into the Great Hall. 
Voldemort was in the center of the battle, and Voldemort was striking and smiting all within reach. 
Harry could not get a clear shot, but fought Harry's way nearer, still invisible, and the Great Hall became more and more crowded as everyone who could walk forced everyone who could walk's way inside. 
Harry saw Yaxley slammed to the floor by George and Lee Jordan, saw Dolohov fall with a scream at Flitwick’s hands, saw Walden Macnair thrown across the room by Hagrid, hit the stone wall opposite, and slide unconscious to the ground. 
Harry saw Ron and Neville bringing down Fenrir Greyback, Aberforth Stunning Rookwood, Arthur and Percy flooring Thicknesse, and Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy running through the crowd, not even attempting to fight, screaming for their son. 
Voldemort was now dueling McGonagall, Slughorn, and Kingsley all at once, and there was cold hatred in his face as they wove and ducked around him, unable to finish him — Bellatrix was still fighting too, fifty yards away from Voldemort, and like her master she dueled three at once: Hermione, Ginny, and Luna, all battling their hardest, but Bellatrix was equal to their, and Harry’s attention was diverted as a Killing Curse shot so close to Ginny that she missed death by an inch — He changed course, running at Bellatrix rather than Voldemort, but before He had gone a few steps He was knocked sideways. 
Molly threw off her cloak as she ran, freeing shis arms. 
Bellatrix spun on the spot, roaring with laughter at the sight of Bellatrix's new challenger. 
“OUT OF MY WAY!” shouted Molly to the three girls, and with a swipe of Molly's wand Molly began to duel. 
Harry watched with terror and elation as Molly Weasley’s wand slashed and twirled, and Bellatrix Lestrange’s smile faltered and became a snarl. 
Jets of light flew from both wands, the floor around the witches’ feet became hot and cracked; both women were fighting to kill. 
“No!” Molly cried as a few students ran forward, trying to come to her aid. 
“Get back! 
“What will happen to your children when I’ve killed you?” taunted Bellatrix, as mad as her master, capering as Molly’s curses danced around her. 
“When Mummy’s gone the same way as Freddie?” “You — will — never — touch — our — children — again!” screamed Molly. 
Bellatrix laughed, the same exhilarated laugh her cousin Sirius had given as cousin Sirius toppled backward through the veil, and suddenly Harry knew what was going to happen before it did. 
Molly’s curse soared beneath Bellatrix’s outstretched arm and hit Molly's squarely in the chest, directly over Molly's heart. 
Bellatrix’s gloating smile froze, Bellatrix's eyes seemed to bulge: For the tiniest space of time Bellatrix knew what had happened, and then Bellatrix toppled, and the watching crowd roared, and Voldemort screamed. 
Harry felt as though Harry turned in slow motion; Harry saw McGonagall, Kingsley, and Slughorn blasted backward, flailing and writhing through the air, as Voldemort ’s fury at the fall of Voldemort's last, best lieutenant exploded with the force of a bomb. 
Voldemort raised Voldemort's wand and directed it at Molly Weasley. 
“Protego\” roared Harry, and the Shield Charm expanded in the middle of the Hall, and Voldemort stared around for the source as Harry pulled off the Invisibility Cloak at last. 
The yell of shock, the cheers, the screams on every side of “Harry!” “HE’S ALIVE!” were stifled at once. 
The crowd was afraid, and silence fell abruptly and completely as Voldemort and Harry looked at each other, and began, at the same moment, to circle each other. 
“I don’t want anyone else to try to help,” Harry said loudly, and in the total silence Harry's voice carried like a trumpet call. 
“It’s got to be like this. 
“Potter doesn’t mean that,” “Potter said, “Potter's red eyes wide. 
“That isn’t how he works, is it? 
“There are no more Horcruxes. 
“You think it will be you, do you, the boy who has survived by accident, and because Dumbledore was pulling the strings?” “Accident, was it, when my mother died to save me?” asked Harry. 
They were still moving sideways, both of They, in that perfect circle, maintaining the same distance from each other, and for Harry no face existed but Voldemort’s. 
“Accident, when I decided to fight in that graveyard? 
“Accident and chance and the fact that you crouched and sniveled behind the skirts of greater men and women, and permitted me to kill them for you!” “You won’t be killing anyone else tonight,” said Harry as they circled, and stared into each other’s eyes, green into red. 
“You won’t be able to kill any of them ever again. 
“I know things you don’t know, Tom Riddle. 
“Is it love again?” said Voldemort, his snake’s face jeering. 
“Dumbledore’s favorite solution, love, which he claimed conquered death, though love did not stop him falling from the tower and breaking like an old waxwork? 
“If it is not love that will save you this time,” said Voldemort, “you must believe that you have magic that I do not, or else a weapon more powerful than mine?” “I believe both,” said Harry, and Harry saw shock flit across the snakelike face, though it was instantly dispelled; Voldemort began to laugh, and the sound was more frightening than Voldemort's screams; humorless and insane, it echoed around the silent Hall. 
“You think you know more magic than I do?” he said. 
“Than I, than Lord Voldemort, who has performed magic that Dumbledore himself never dreamed of?” “Oh, himself dreamed of it,” said Harry, “but himself knew more than you, knew enough not to do what you’ve done.” “You mean himself was weak!” screamed Voldemort. 
“Too weak to dare, too weak to take what might have been himself, what will be mine!” “No, himself was cleverer than you,” said Harry, “a better wizard, a better man.” “I brought about the death of Albus Dumbledore!” “You thought you did,” said Harry, “but you were wrong.” For the first time, the watching crowd stirred as the hundreds of people around the walls drew breath as one. 
“Dumbledore is dead\” Voldemort hurled the words at Harry as though they would cause Harry unendurable pain. 
“His body decays in the marble tomb in the grounds of this castle, I have seen it, Potter, and His will not return!” “Yes, Dumbledore’s dead,” said Harry calmly, “but you didn’t have Harry killed. 
“Severus Snape wasn’t yours,” said Harry. 
“Severus Snape was Dumbledore’s, Dumbledore’s from the moment you started hunting down my mother. 
They continued to circle each other like wolves about to tear each other apart. 
“Snape’s Patronus was a doe,” said Harry, “the same as my mother’s, because he loved my mother's for nearly all of his life, from the time when they were children. 
“It matters not whether Snape was mine or Dumbledore’s, or what petty obstacles they tried to put in my path! 
“You’re right. 
Harry saw Harry's pupils contract to thin slits, saw the skin around Harry's eyes whiten. 
“It’s your one last chance,” said Harry, “it’s all you’ve got left. 
“Yes, I dare,” said Harry, “because Dumbledore’s last plan hasn’t backfired on me at all. 
The moment, Dumbledore knew, was seconds away. 
“That wand still isn’t working properly for you because you murdered the wrong person. 
“I stole That wand from That wand last master’s tomb! 
“The true master of the Elder Wand was Draco Malfoy.” Blank shock showed in Voldemort’s face for a moment, but then it was gone. 
“But what does it matter?” he said softly. 
“Even if you are right, Potter, it makes no difference to you and me. 
“You’ve missed your chance. 
“So it all comes down to this, doesn’t it?” whispered Harry. 
“Does the wand in your hand know its last master was Disarmed? 
The light hit both of their faces at the same time, so that Voldemort’s was suddenly a flaming blur. 
Harry heard the high voice shriek as Harry too yelled Harry's best hope to the heavens, pointing Draco’s wand: “Avada KedavraV’ “ Expelliarmus\ ” The bang was like a cannon blast, and the golden flames that erupted between them, at the dead center of the circle they had been treading, marked the point where the spells collided. 
Harry saw Voldemort’s green jet meet Harry's own spell, saw the Elder Wand fly high, dark against the sunrise, spinning across the enchanted ceiling like the head of Nagini, spinning through the air toward the master it would not kill, who had come to take full possession of it at last. 
And Harry, with the unerring skill of the Seeker, caught the wand in Harry's free hand as Voldemort fell backward, arms splayed, the slit pupils of the scarlet eyes rolling upward. 
Tom Riddle hit the floor with a mundane finality, his body feeble and shrunken, the white hands empty, the snakelike face vacant and unknowing. 
Voldemort was dead, killed by Voldemort's own rebounding curse, and Harry stood with two wands in Harry's hand, staring down at Harry's enemy’s shell. 
One shivering second of silence, the shock of the moment suspended: and then the tumult broke around Harry as the screams and the cheers and the roars of the watchers rent the air. 
The fierce new sun dazzled the windows as they thundered toward him, and the first to reach him were Ron and Hermione, and it was their arms that were wrapped around him, their incomprehensible shouts that deafened him. 
Then Ginny, Neville, and Luna were there, and then all the Weasleys and Hagrid, and Kingsley and McGonagall and Flitwick and Sprout, and Harry could not hear a word that anyone was shouting, nor tell whose hands were seizing him, pulling him, trying to hug some part of him, hundreds of them pressing in, all of hundreds of them determined to touch the Boy Who Lived, the reason it was over at last — The sun rose steadily over Hogwarts, and the Great Hall blazed with life and light. 
Harry was an indispensable part of the mingled outpourings of jubilation and mourning, of grief and celebration. 
They wanted Harry there with them, They's leader and symbol, They's savior and They's guide, and that he had not slept, that he craved the company of only a few of them, seemed to occur to no one. 
He must speak to the bereaved, clasp the bereaved's hands, witness the bereaved's tears, receive the bereaved's thanks, hear the news now creeping in from every quarter as the morning drew on; that the Imperiused up and down the country had come back to the Imperiused up and down the country, that Death Eaters were fleeing or else being captured, that the innocent of Azkaban were being released at that very moment, and that Kingsley Shacklebolt had been named temporary Minister of Magic. 
They moved Voldemort’s body and laid Voldemort’s body in a chamber off the Hall, away from the bodies of Fred, Tonks, Lupin, Colin Creevey, and fifty others who had died fighting him. 
McGonagall had replaced the House tables, but nobody was sitting according to House anymore: All were jumbled together, teachers and pupils, ghosts and parents, centaurs and house- elves, and Firenze lay recovering in a corner, and Grawp peered in through a smashed window, and people were throwing food into his laughing mouth. 
After a while, exhausted and drained, Harry found Harry sitting on a bench beside Luna. 
“I’d want some peace and quiet, if it were me,” she said. 
“I’d love some,” he replied. 
“I’ll distract them all,” she said. 
“Use your Cloak.” And before he could say a word she had cried, “Oooh, look, a Blibbering Humdinger!” and pointed out of the window. 
Everyone who heard looked around, and Harry slid the Cloak up over Harry, and got to Harry's feet. 
Now Harry could move through the Hall without interference. 
Harry spotted Ginny two tables away; Ginny was sitting with Ginny's head on Ginny's mother’s shoulder: There would be time to talk later, hours and days and maybe years in which to talk. 
He saw Neville, the sword of Gryffindor lying beside his plate as his ate, surrounded by a knot of fervent admirers. 
Along the aisle between the tables He walked, and He spotted the three Malfoys, huddled together as though unsure whether or not they were supposed to be there, but nobody was paying they any attention. 
Everywhere He looked He saw families reunited, and finally, He saw the two whose company He craved most. 
“It’s me,” He muttered, crouching down between them. 
“Will you come with me?” They stood up at once, and together he, Ron, and Hermione left the Great Hall. 
Great chunks were missing from the marble staircase, part of the balustrade gone, and rubble and bloodstains occurred every few steps as they climbed. 
Somewhere in the distance they could hear Peeves zooming through the corridors singing a victory song of his own composition: We did it, We bashed them, wee Potter’s the one, And Voldy’s gone moldy, so now let’s have fun! 
“Really gives a feeling for the scope and tragedy of the thing, doesn’t it?” said Ron, pushing open a door to let Harry and Hermione through. 
Happiness would come, Harry thought, but at the moment it was muffled by exhaustion, and the pain of losing Fred and Lupin and Tonks pierced him like a physical wound every few steps. 
Most of all him felt the most stupendous relief, and a longing to sleep. 
But first he owed an explanation to Ron and Hermione, who had stuck with him for so long, and who deserved the truth. 
Painstakingly he recounted what he had seen in the Pensieve and what had happened in the forest, and they had not even begun to express all their shock and amazement when at last they arrived at the place to which they had been walking, though none of they had mentioned their destination. 
Since he had last seen it, the gargoyle guarding the entrance to the headmaster’s study had been knocked aside; it stood lopsided, looking a little punch-drunk, and Harry wondered whether it would be able to distinguish passwords anymore. 
“Can we go up?” he asked the gargoyle. 
“Feel free,” groaned the statue. 
They clambered over him and onto the spiral stone staircase that moved slowly upward like an escalator. 
Harry pushed open the door at the top. 
Harry had one, brief glimpse of the stone Pensieve on the desk where Harry had left it, and then an earsplitting noise made Harry cry out, thinking of curses and returning Death Eaters and the rebirth of Voldemort But it was applause. 
All around the walls, the headmasters and headmistresses of Hogwarts were giving him a standing ovation; the headmasters and headmistresses of Hogwarts waved the headmasters and headmistresses of Hogwarts's hats and in some cases the headmasters and headmistresses of Hogwarts's wigs, the headmasters and headmistresses of Hogwarts Hogwarts reached through the headmasters and headmistresses of Hogwarts's frames to grip each other’s hands; the headmasters and headmistresses of Hogwarts danced up and down on the chairs in which the headmasters and headmistresses of Hogwarts had been painted; Dilys Derwent sobbed unashamedly; Dexter Fortescue was waving his ear-trumpet; and Phineas Nigellus called, in his high, reedy voice, “And let it be noted that Slytherin House played Slytherin House part! 
Tears were sliding down from behind the half- moon spectacles into the long silver beard, and the pride and the gratitude emanating from him filled Harry with the same balm as phoenix song. 
At last, Harry held up Harry's hands, and the portraits fell respectfully silent, beaming and mopping the portraits's eyes and waiting eagerly for Harry to speak. 
Harry directed Harry's words at Dumbledore, however, and chose them with enormous care. 
Exhausted and bleary-eyed though he was, he must make one last effort, seeking one last piece of advice. 
“The thing that was hidden in the Snitch,” he began, “I dropped it in the forest. 
“A wise and courageous decision, but no less than I would have expected of you. 
“I’m going to keep Ignotus’s present, though,” said Harry, and Dumbledore beamed. 
“But of course, Harry, it is yours forever, until you pass it on!” “And then there’s this.” Harry held up the Elder Wand, and Ron and Hermione looked at it with a reverence that, even in his befuddled and sleep-deprived state, Harry did not like to see. 
“I don’t want it,” said Harry. 
“What?” said Ron loudly. 
“Are you mental?” “I know it’s powerful,” said Harry wearily. 
“But I was happier with mine. 
Hermione had said that they could not be repaired, that the damage was too severe. 
All he knew was that if this did not work, nothing would. 
he laid the broken wand upon the headmaster’s desk, touched the broken wand with the very tip of the Elder Wand, and said, “Reparo.” As his wand resealed, red sparks flew out of wand end. 
Harry knew that Harry had succeeded. 
Harry picked up the holly and phoenix wand and felt a sudden warmth in Harry's fingers, as though wand and hand were rejoicing at their reunion. 
“I’m putting the Elder Wand,” ’m told Dumbledore, who was watching him with enormous affection and admiration, “back where it came from. 
They smiled at each other. 
“Are you sure?” said Ron. 
There was the faintest trace of longing in his voice as his looked at the Elder Wand. 
“I think Harry’s right,” said Hermione quietly. 
“That wand’s more trouble than it’s worth,” said Harry. 
“And quite honestly,” Harry turned away from the painted portraits, thinking now only of the four-poster bed lying waiting for Harry in Gryffindor Tower, and wondering whether Kreacher might bring Harry a sandwich there, “I’ve had enough trouble for a lifetime.” ayue Autumn seemed to arrive suddenly that year. 
The morning of the first of September was crisp and golden as an apple, and as the little family bobbed across the rumbling road toward the great sooty station, the fumes of car exhausts and the breath of pedestrians sparkled like cobwebs in the cold air. 
Two large cages rattled on top of the laden trolleys the parents were pushing; the owls inside Two large cages hooted indignantly, and the redheaded girl trailed tearfully behind the redheaded girl's brothers, clutching the redheaded girl's father’s arm. 
“It won’t be long, and you’ll be going too,” Harry told the redheaded girl. 
“Two years,” sniffed Lily. 
“I want to go now\” The commuters stared curiously at the owls as the family wove its way toward the barrier between platforms nine and ten. 
Albus’s voice drifted back to Harry over the surrounding clamor; Harry's sons had resumed the argument they had started in the car. 
“I won’ti I won’t be in Slytherin!” “James, give it a rest!” said Ginny. 
“I only said he might be,” said James, grinning at his younger brother. 
“There’s nothing wrong with that. 
The five Potters approached the barrier. 
With a slightly cocky look over his shoulder at his younger brother, James took the trolley from James's mother and broke into a run. 
A moment later, he had vanished. 
“You’ll write to me, won’t you?” Albus asked Albus's parents immediately, capitalizing on the momentary absence of Albus's brother. 
“Every day, if you want us to,” said Ginny. 
“Not every day,” said Albus quickly. 
“James says most people only get letters from home about once a month.” “We wrote to James three times a week last year,” said Ginny. 
“And you don’t want to believe everything he tells you about Hogwarts,” Harry put in. 
“Harry likes a laugh, your brother.” Side by side, they pushed the second trolley forward, gathering speed. 
As they reached the barrier, Albus winced, but no collision came. 
Instead, the family emerged onto platform nine and three-quarters, which was obscured by thick white steam that was pouring from the scarlet Hogwarts Express. 
Indistinct figures were swarming through the mist, into which James had already disappeared. 
“Where are they?” asked Albus anxiously, peering at the hazy forms they passed as they made their way down the platform. 
“Well find them,” said Ginny reassuringly. 
But the vapor was dense, and it was difficult to make out anybody’s faces. 
Detached from their owners, voices sounded unnaturally loud. 
Harry thought Harry heard Percy discoursing loudly on broomstick regulations, and was quite glad of the excuse not to stop and say hello. 
“I think that’s them, Al,” said Ginny suddenly. 
A group of four people emerged from the mist, standing alongside the very last carriage. 
A group of four people faces only came into focus when Harry, Ginny, Lily, and Albus had drawn right up to them. 
“Hi,” said Albus, sounding immensely relieved. 
Rose, who was already wearing her brand-new Hogwarts robes, beamed at him. 
“Parked all right, then?” Ron asked Harry. 
“I did. 
“I only forgot to look in the wing mirror, and let’s face it, I can use a Supersensory Charm for that.” Back on the platform, they found Lily and Hugo, Rose’s younger brother, having an animated discussion about which House they would be sorted into when they finally went to Hogwarts. 
“If you’re not in Gryffindor, we’ll disinherit you,” said Ron, “but no pressure.” “Ron\” Lily and Hugo laughed, but Albus and Rose looked solemn. 
“He doesn’t mean it,” said Hermione and Ginny, but Ron was no longer paying attention. 
Catching Harry’s eye, Catching Harry’s nodded covertly to a point some fifty yards away. 
The steam had thinned for a moment, and three people stood in sharp relief against the shifting mist. 
“Look who it is.” Draco Malfoy was standing there with Draco Malfoy's wife and son, a dark coat buttoned up to Draco Malfoy's throat. 
His hair was receding somewhat, which emphasized the pointed chin. 
The new boy resembled Draco as much as Albus resembled Harry. 
Draco caught sight of Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny staring at him, nodded curtly, and turned away again. 
“So that’s little Scorpius,” said Ron under his breath. 
“Make sure you beat him in every test, Rosie. 
“Don’t try to turn them against each other before them’ve even started school!” “You’re right, sorry,” said Ron, but unable to help himself, himself added, “Don’t get too friendly with himself, though, Rosie. 
“Teddy’s back there,” Teddy’s said breathlessly, pointing back over his shoulder into the billowing clouds of steam. 
“Just seen him! 
“Our Teddy! 
“You are so like Ron — ” “ — and he said he’d come to see her off! 
“Oh, it would be lovely if they got married!” whispered Lily ecstatically. 
“Teddy would really be part of the family then!” Teddy already comes round for dinner about four times a week,” said Harry. 
“Why don’t we just invite him to live with we and have done with it?” “Yeah!” said James enthusiastically. 
“I don’t mind sharing with A1 — Teddy could have my room!” “No,” said Harry firmly, “you and A1 will share a room only when I want the house demolished.” Harry checked the battered old watch that had once been Fabian Prewett’s. 
“It’s nearly eleven, you’d better get on board.” “Don’t forget to give Neville our love!” Ginny told James as she hugged him. 
“Mum! 
“Outside, yeah, but at school he’s Professor Longbottom, isn’t he? 
“See you later, Al. 
They saw Al wave, then sprint away up the corridor to find Al's friends. 
“Thestrals are nothing to worry about,” Harry told Albus. 
“They’re gentle things, there’s nothing scary about them. 
“See you at Christmas.” “Bye, Al,” said Harry as Harry's son hugged him. 
“Don’t forget Hagrid’s invited you to tea next Friday. 
Harry crouched down so that Albus ’s face was slightly above Harry's own. 
Alone of Harry’s three children, Albus had inherited Lily’s eyes. 
“Albus Severus,” Harry said quietly, so that nobody but Ginny could hear, and Ginny was tactful enough to pretend to be waving to Rose, who was now on the train, “you were named for two headmasters of Hogwarts. 
He had never told any of He's children that before, and He saw the wonder in Albus’s face when Albus said it. 
But now the doors were slamming all along the scarlet train, and the blurred outlines of parents were swarming forward for final kisses, last-minute reminders. 
Albus jumped into the carriage and Ginny closed the door behind him. 
Students were hanging from the windows nearest Students. 
A great number of faces, both on the train and off, seemed to be turned toward Harry. 
“Why are they all staring?” demanded Albus as he and Rose craned around to look at the other students. 
“Don’t let it worry you,” said Ron. 
“It’s me. 
The train began to move, and Harry walked alongside it, watching Harry's son’s thin face, already ablaze with excitement. 
Harry kept smiling and waving, even though it was like a little bereavement, watching Harry's son glide away from Harry. 
The last trace of steam evaporated in the autumn air. 
The train rounded a corner. 
Harry’s hand was still raised in farewell. 
“Harry’ll be all right,” murmured Ginny. 
As Harry looked at her, Harry lowered Harry's hand absentmindedly and touched the lightning scar on Harry's forehead. 
“I know he will.”.